sentence	option1	option2
Ian volunteered to eat Dennis's menudo after already having a bowl because _ despised eating intestine.	Ian	Dennis
Ian volunteered to eat Dennis's menudo after already having a bowl because _ enjoyed eating intestine.	Ian	Dennis
The treasury workers took the gold bars off of the trolley and stacked them in the safe until the _ was empty.	safe	trolley
The treasury workers took the gold bars off of the trolley and stacked them in the safe until the _ was full.	safe	trolley
I picked up a bag of peanuts and raisins for a snack. I wanted a sweeter snack out so I stored the _ for now.	raisins	peanuts
I picked up a bag of peanuts and raisins for a snack. I wanted a sweeter snack out so I ate the _ for now.	raisins	peanuts
Donald was richer than Leslie was because companies had found oil on the property of _ .	Donald	Leslie
Donald was poorer than Leslie was because companies had found oil on the property of _ .	Donald	Leslie
Emily asked her sister Sarah if she needed any tampons or pads from the store, even though _ didn't because she had switched to using menstrual cups.	Emily	Sarah
Emily asked her sister Sarah if she needed any tampons or pads from the store, but _ didn't because she had switched to using menstrual cups.	Emily	Sarah
John poured the entire bowl of fish into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was full.	bowl	pan
John poured the entire bowl of fish into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was empty.	bowl	pan
In the lagoon Emily swam in the nude while Felicia opted for a full body swimsuit. _ was very hesitant with showing their body.	Emily	Felicia
In the lagoon Emily swam in the nude while Felicia opted for a full body swimsuit. _ was very free with showing their body.	Emily	Felicia
I couldn't control the moisture like I controlled the rain, because the _ was coming in at one spot.	moisture	rain
Bill poured the entire bowl of cheese snack into his mouth until the _ was empty.	mouth	bowl
Bill poured the entire bowl of cheese snack into his mouth until the _ was full.	mouth	bowl
Ben played soccer and bowling every week. However, it was easy for him to play in the _ game because he hurt his arm.	bowling	soccer
Ben played soccer and bowling every week. However, it was difficult for him to play in the _ game because he hurt his arm.	bowling	soccer
Matthew made sure to use an oil lubricant when expanding his piercing, unlike Jeffrey, so the painful experience from _ made a lot of sense.	Matthew	Jeffrey
Matthew made sure to use an oil lubricant when expanding his piercing, unlike Jeffrey, so the agreeable experience from _ made a lot of sense.	Matthew	Jeffrey
Samantha brought a get well card to the hospital but Emily forgot to because _ was preoccupied.	Samantha	Emily
The lawsuit bankrupted the company, causing Megan to be let go from their job while Mary was promoted. _ felt relieved and elated.	Megan	Mary
The lawsuit bankrupted the company, causing Megan to be let go from their job while Mary was promoted. _ felt depressed and hopeless.	Megan	Mary
Jan poured the entire cup of lemon juice into the bowl bananas until the _ was empty.	cup	bowl
Jan poured the entire cup of lemon juice into the bowl bananas until the _ was full.	cup	bowl
The insurance company blamed Leslie instead of Logan for the accident since _ had a green light.	Leslie	Logan
The insurance company blamed Leslie instead of Logan for the accident since _ ran a red light.	Leslie	Logan
John cared for the pot while it was being transported in the box but it eventually got broken. The _ is hard.	pot	box
John cared for the pot while it was being transported in the box but it eventually got broken. The _ is fragile.	pot	box
Lawrence made a bowl at the pottery store and Randy accidentally broke it. _ decided to make another.	Lawrence	Randy
Lawrence made a bowl at the pottery store and Randy accidentally broke it. _ offered to make another.	Lawrence	Randy
Tea and coffee should be drunk out of different vessels, cups and mugs respectively. Coffee is usually served in the _ , with milk and sometimes sugar.	cup	mug
Tea and coffee should be drunk out of different vessels, cups and mugs respectively. Tea is usually served in the _ , with milk and sometimes sugar.	cup	mug
James could not get the bag closed because of the clothe in it. The _ is small.	cloth	bag
James could not get the bag closed because of the clothe in it. The _ is plenty.	cloth	bag
When Brenda coated her wood panels with varnish, the concrete surface beneath got stained. The varnish protected and beautified the _ .	wood	concrete
When Brenda coated her wood panels with varnish, the concrete surface beneath got stained. The varnish harmed and uglified the _ .	wood	concrete
James needed a bigger box to collect the silver he exchanged for the gold because the _ is bigger.	silver	gold
James needed a bigger box to collect the silver he exchanged for the gold because the _ is smaller.	silver	gold
Emptying the litter box was a dreaded chore for Adam while Lawrence didn't mind doing it. _ never tried to get someone else to handle it.	Adam	Lawrence
Emptying the litter box was a dreaded chore for Adam while Lawrence didn't mind doing it. _ always tried to get someone else to handle it.	Adam	Lawrence
The gathered  stones in the bag outweigh the collected coins because the _ are small in numbers.	stones	coins
The gathered stones in the bag outweigh the collected coins because the _ are much in numbers.	stones	coins
during the vacation we stayed in the 3 star hotel and not the 5 star hotel because the _ were fully booked.	3 star	5 star
He found he had baking powder for the cake but borrowed baking soda from his neighbor since the _ was full.	soda	powder
He found he had baking powder for the cake but borrowed baking soda from his neighbor since the _ was empty.	soda	powder
Jason was bald, but Hunter had a full head of hair, so _ had no need to buy hair gel.	Jason	Hunter
Jason was bald, but Hunter had a full head of hair, so _ needed to buy hair gel.	Jason	Hunter
Jennifer liked to smoke pot but Laura like to smoke cigars. _ wound up in the local jail for smoking their favorite thing in public.	Jennifer	Laura
Jennifer liked to smoke pot but Laura like to smoke cigars. _ avoided the local jail for smoking their favorite thing in public.	Jennifer	Laura
Michael had to dispose of his water before entering unlike Eric because _ cup was empty.	Michael	Eric
Michael had to dispose of his water before entering unlike Eric because _ cup was full.	Michael	Eric
At dinner, Steven was starving but Ian was already full, so _ ate the pizza slowly.	Steven	Ian
At dinner, Steven was starving but Ian was already full, so _ ate the pizza quickly.	Steven	Ian
Randy went to an ice cream shop because he had a coupon and met Michael there. _ paid full price.	Randy	Michael
Mark was in the drill of gathering proof that proved his company engaged in Age Discrimination but the _ was too much.	proof	drill
Mark was in the drill of gathering proof that proved his company engaged in Age Discrimination but the _ was not sufficient.	proof	drill
Mike went to serve Michelle some beans from the pot onto the plate couldn't put many because the _ was too small.	plate	pot
Mike went to serve Michelle some beans from the pot onto the plate couldn't put many because the _ was so big.	plate	pot
Lindsey did not feel the drip that got Jessica wet because _ was under the leaky spot in the roof.	Lindsey	Jessica
Lindsey did not feel the drip that got Jessica wet because _ was away from the leaky spot in the roof.	Lindsey	Jessica
James went to fill up the barrel with the bucket but found that the _ was full.	barrel	bucket
James went to fill up the barrel with the bucket but found that the _ was empty.	barrel	bucket
The served coffee in the old cups rather than the new glass mugs because the _ were already clean.	mugs	cups
The served coffee in the old cups rather than the new glass mugs because the _ were not washed.	mugs	cups
William showed Randy how to replace the paneling in his home.  _ was talented.	William	Randy
William showed Randy how to replace the paneling in his home.  _ was grateful.	William	Randy
She was able to find a fact about the plate, but not about the cup, because the _ was obscure.	plate	cup
She was able to find a fact about the plate, but not about the cup, because the _ was ubiquitous.	plate	cup
Benjamin used dish soap for an emergency load of laundry while William used water, and so _ had spotted clothes.	Benjamin	William
Amy wanted to go back to work after retiring but Carrie did not because _ was occupied.	Amy	Carrie
The repairman wanted to fix the engines by using a new oil pan and water pump, but the _ lacked oil.	pan	pump
The repairman wanted to fix the engines by using a new oil pan and water pump, but the _ had water leaks.	pan	pump
The pants were sliced both with a knife and then later with razor.  The _ was used second.	knife	razor
The pants were sliced both with a knife and then later with razor.  The _ was used first.	knife	razor
The woman determined the smell in the kitchen was coming from the potatoes instead of the onions, because the _ were rotten.	Potatoes	Onions
The woman determined the smell in the kitchen was coming from the potatoes instead of the onions, because the _ were fresh.	Potatoes	Onions
Elena was skinnier than Lindsey because _ liked to eat a lot of cabbage and vegetables.	Elena	Lindsey
Elena was skinnier than Lindsey because _ didn't like to eat a lot of cabbage and vegetables.	Elena	Lindsey
Because Lindsey liked to go camping more than Natalie, _ found owning a sleeping bag was essential.	Lindsey	Natalie
Because Lindsey liked to go camping more than Natalie, _ didn't believe owning a sleeping bag was essential.	Lindsey	Natalie
Jay washed the glass bowl instead of the plate because the _ was very clean.	bowl	plate
Jay washed the glass bowl instead of the plate because the _ was very dirty.	bowl	plate
James needed more eggplant if he wanted to fill up the pot. He did not know the _ would be that big.	eggplant	pot
James needed more eggplant if he wanted to fill up the pot. He did not know the _ would be that small.	eggplant	pot
Felicia sent an email to Christine, as _ needed some information about the employee benefit from the company they work for 10 years.	Felicia	Christine
Felicia replied to an email from Christine, as _ asked some information about the employee benefit from the company they work for 10 years.	Felicia	Christine
The rice had too much salt in it, but the potato had just enough salt, and as a result the _ was delicious.	potato	rice
The rice had too much salt in it, but the potato had just enough salt, and as a result the _ was gross.	potato	rice
The old car would not fit inside the cluttered garage because the _ was too full.	garage	car
It took Matthew a shorter time to check the inventory than Jason because _ had worked at the company for a short time.	Matthew	Jason
It took Matthew longer to check the inventory than Jason because _ had worked at the company for a short time.	Matthew	Jason
Justin likes cabbage, broccoli and collard greens while Hunter likes fruits. _ grows a garden each year.	Justin	Hunter
Justin likes cabbage, broccoli and collard greens while Hunter likes fruits. _ buys a apples each year.	Justin	Hunter
The cook could safely touch the pot, but had to wait on the pan, because the _ was hot.	pot	pan
The cook could safely touch the pot, but had to wait on the pan, because the _ was cold.	pot	pan
I poured the water from the cup to the pot to make the flower grow, and as I poured, the _ became lighter.	cup	pot
I poured the water from the cup to the pot to make the flower grow, and as I poured, the _ became heavier.	cup	pot
The child wanted to store the shells in the boxes but the _ were too large.	boxes	shells
The child wanted to store the shells in the boxes but the _ were too small.	boxes	shells
Monica was interviewing for a good new position at a technology company and Carrie was giving the interview. _ wanted to be hired.	Monica	Carrie
Monica was interviewing for a good new position at a technology company and Carrie was giving the interview. _ wanted to hire.	Monica	Carrie
The old cards could not squeeze into the boxes because the _ were too thick.	cards	boxes
The old cards could not squeeze into the boxes because the _ were too small.	cards	boxes
He tried to put the chemical from the jug into a new bottler, but it all couldn't go because the _ was too tiny.	chemical	bottle
He tried to put the chemical from the jug into a new bottler, but it all couldn't go because the _ was too much.	chemical	bottle
The carpenter took boards from his truck and put them in the garage until the _ was empty.	garage	truck
The carpenter took boards from his truck and put them in the garage until the _ was full.	garage	truck
The habanero pepper was going to fit in the bottle as the _ was narrow.	pepper	bottle
The habanero pepper was going to fit in the bottle as the _ was wide.	pepper	bottle
Joel needed William to get a contractor license for their company, so _ helped them fill out the paperwork.	Joel	William
Joel needed William to get a contractor license for their company, so they helped _ to fill out the paperwork.	Joel	William
Samantha is having to replace their vacuum bags frequently but not Betty as _ likes to clean the house.	Samantha	Betty
Samantha is having to replace their vacuum bags frequently but not Betty as _ hates to clean the house.	Samantha	Betty
The pan does not get hot fast enough when placed over the flame because the _ is too high.	flame	pan
The pan does not get hot fast enough when placed over the flame because the _ is too low.	flame	pan
My new routine was going to fit in my schedule, because the _ was very empty.	routine	schedule
John used the microwave to prepare the potatoes, but not the beans, since the _ were best eaten cold .	potatoes	beans
John used the microwave to prepare the potatoes, but not the beans, since the _ were best eaten hot .	potatoes	beans
Evan moved bullets from the gun to the box for ammo until the _ was full.	box	gun
Evan moved bullets from the gun to the box for ammo until the _ was empty.	box	gun
At art class in school, Craig asked William for glue because the glue _ had was full.	Craig	William
At art class in school, Craig asked William for glue because the glue _ had was empty.	Craig	William
Cynthia skipped breakfast but Angela ate a large morning meal, so _ was still full by lunchtime.	Cynthia	Angela
They wanted more satiation at the wedding, so the planners used icing rather than fruit on the cake as the _ was more empty.	icing	fruit
Michael asked Jeffrey if the company had ever been accused of discrimination because _ wanted to know.	Michael	Jeffrey
Michael asked Jeffrey if the company had ever been accused of discrimination but _ did not know.	Michael	Jeffrey
Nelson was scheduled to retire from their position at the company before Eric because _ was younger.	Nelson	Eric
Nelson was scheduled to retire from their position at the company before Eric because _ was older.	Nelson	Eric
Jill dropped her ice cream onto her wide sailor pants and decided to put on jeans. She needed to put on different leggings because the _ are clean.	sailor pants	jeans
Jill dropped her ice cream onto her wide sailor pants and decided to put on jeans. She needed to put on different leggings because the _ are dirty.	sailor pants	jeans
The plants do not grow because too much was planted at a spot. The _ is too small.	spot	plant
The plants do not grow because too much was planted at a spot. The _ is too big.	spot	plant
Bill poured the bag of green apple into the white bowl until the _ was completely empty.	bag	bowl
Bill poured the bag of green apple into the white bowl until the _ was completely full.	bag	bowl
Cynthia decided to hire Sarah to create a new logo for her company because _ was a professional designer.	Cynthia	Sarah
Cynthia decided to hire Sarah to create a new logo for her company because _ needed a professional designer.	Cynthia	Sarah
The soap dispenser was empty so we poured some more soap into it until the _ ran out out.	dispenser	soap
The soap dispenser was empty so we poured some more soap into it until the _ was full.	dispenser	soap
The man added water to the car, but didn't need to add any oil, because the _ reservoir was full.	water	oil
Robert was fully fluent in Spanish and tried to talk to Steven using it; when he didn't understand, _ switched to English.	Robert	Steven
Robert was fully fluent in Spanish and tried to talk to Steven using it; when he didn't understand, _ decided to learn.	Robert	Steven
The girl poured the powdered milk from the box into the glass of water.  The _ was wet.	water	milk
The girl poured the powdered milk from the box into the glass of water. The _ was dry.	water	milk
Benjamin made a cup of rosehip tea for Donald even though _ knew they preferred green tea.	Benjamin	Donald
Benjamin made a cup of rosehip tea for Donald even though they knew _ preferred green tea.	Benjamin	Donald
Brett drank several bottles of water every day while Neil drank several bottles of pop. _ was never dehydrated during the day.	Brett	Neil
Brett drank several bottles of water every day while Neil drank several bottles of pop. _ was often dehydrated during the day.	Brett	Neil
The damage in Hawaii was worse than the destruction in Japan, because the _ was from a weaker earthquake.	damage	destruction
The damage in Hawaii was worse than the destruction in Japan, because the _ was from a stronger earthquake.	damage	destruction
Jill poured the entire bag of flour into the mixing bowl until the _ was full.	bag	bowl
Jill poured the entire bag of flour into the mixing bowl until the _ was empty.	bag	bowl
The brush Laura gave to Jessica was a family heirloom, so _ put it in a shadow box.	Laura	Jessica
The brush Laura accepted from Jessica was a family heirloom, so _ put it in a shadow box.	Laura	Jessica
Carrie worked for a great company compared to Samantha, therefore _ received a lot more benefits.	Carrie	Samantha
Carrie worked for a bad company compared to Samantha, therefore _ received a lot more benefits.	Carrie	Samantha
The bucket was a better choice than the cup to carry water because the _ held less.	bucket	cup
The bucket was a better choice than the cup to carry water because the _ held more.	bucket	cup
The dog was able to drink easily from the bowl, but not the pan, because the _ was short.	bowl	pan
The dog was able to drink easily from the bowl, but not the pan, because the _ was tall.	bowl	pan
Carrie persuaded Victoria to go into the pig pen and bring out a bowl, because _ was brave around animals.	Carrie	Victoria
Carrie persuaded Victoria to go into the pig pen and bring out a bowl, because _ was cowardly around animals.	Carrie	Victoria
The turtle saw a race and a piece of lettuce. He chose the _ because he was full.	race	piece of lettuce
Kenneth was less concerned with the environment than Adam , so _ always used plastic bags.	Kenneth	Adam
Kenneth was less concerned with the environment than Adam , so _ never used plastic bags.	Kenneth	Adam
Scott saw his company's profit sheet and asked for a raise. It was denied because the _ was too big.	raise	profit
Scott saw his company's profit sheet and asked for a raise. It was denied because the _ was too small.	raise	profit
In Japan, a superhighway was scheduled to be built over the span of ten years, but the budget ran out. The _ was never realized.	superhighway	budget
In Japan, a superhighway was scheduled to be built over the span of ten years, but the budget ran out. The _ was not enough.	superhighway	budget
Paul served the chocolate milk in a glass instead of the plastic cup, because the _ was unbroken.	cup	glass
Paul served the chocolate milk in a glass instead of the plastic cup, because the _ was cracked.	cup	glass
The water spilling out of the pot put out the fire on the stove. The _ is plentiful.	water	fire
The water spilling out of the pot put out the fire on the stove. The _ is weak.	water	fire
Julie emptied the water bottle into the cup on her desk until the _ was full.	bottle	cup
Julie emptied the water bottle into the cup on her desk until the _ was empty.	bottle	cup
Mike dumped the juice out of the baby bottle and filled it with milk, because the _ was fresher.	juice	milk
Mike dumped the juice out of the baby bottle and filled it with milk, because the _ was older.	juice	milk
Rebecca received many employee complaints about Victoria during the company meeting, so _ fired them.	Rebecca	Victoria
Rebecca received many employee complaints about Victoria during the company meeting, so _ was fired.	Rebecca	Victoria
More cups are needed in order to empty the vodka in the bottles. The _ are small.	cups	bottles
More cups are needed in order to empty the vodka in the bottles. The _ are big.	cups	bottles
There are much salt left in the jar after some have been poured into the cup. The _ is way bigger.	jar	cup
There are much salt left in the jar after some have been poured into the cup. The _ is way smaller.	jar	cup
Mona had a panic attack while public speaking and found out she was agoraphobic. The _ was terrifying.	attack	speaking
Mona had a panic attack while public speaking and found out she was agoraphobic. The _ was stopped.	attack	speaking
James realized he can put more jeans in the box than jacket. The _ is smaller.	jeans	jacket
James realized he can put more jeans in the box than jacket. The _ is bigger.	jeans	jacket
Adam got full when eating dinner with Leslie on Sundays because _ had a very small stomach.	Adam	Leslie
Adam got full when eating dinner with Leslie on Sundays because _ had a very large stomach.	Adam	Leslie
The cashier moved the money out of the bag and into the drawer, as the _ was vulnerable to theft.	bag	drawer
The cashier moved the money out of the bag and into the drawer, as the _ was secure from theft.	bag	drawer
Mark told Jason never to put his plants in copper containers, but to use clay pots instead because the _ was healthy.	clay	copper
Mark told Jason never to put his plants in copper containers, but to use clay pots instead because the _ was toxic.	clay	copper
Needing to repair a window pane and hang a picture, Shane found a hammer and some glue, so he used the _ to repair the window.	hammer	glue
Needing to repair a window pane and hang a picture, Shane found a hammer and some glue, so he used the _ to hang the picture.	hammer	glue
The start-up incubator was good for the companies but not for the banks, as the _ lost lots of money from the loans.	companies	banks
The start-up incubator was good for the companies but not for the banks, as the _ made lots of money from the loans.	companies	banks
The water do not get to the bottom of the bowl after james poured water on the soil in it. Just the _ is wet.	bowl	soil
The water do not get to the bottom of the bowl after james poured water on the soil in it. Just the _ is dry.	bowl	soil
The ears on the elf were easier to spot than the eyes, and this is because the _ are larger.	ears	eyes
The ears on the elf were easier to spot than the eyes, and this is because the _ are smaller.	ears	eyes
The reason that Jason ate quickly while William did not eat another bite was because _ was full.	Jason	William
Nick decided to share their cheesecake with Lawrence during school lunch because _ was quite full already.	Nick	Lawrence
The cook added a bunch of salt from the bottle to the pan, so the _ was heavier.	bottle	pan
The cook added a bunch of salt from the bottle to the pan, so the _ was lighter.	bottle	pan
Eric didn't sleep well the night before, but Jeffrey slept peacefully. The next day, _ was energetic at work.	Eric	Jeffrey
Eric didn't sleep well the night before, but Jeffrey slept peacefully. The next day, _ was tired at work.	Eric	Jeffrey
Even though Victoria had a higher title than Kayla, _ made less in income at the company.	Victoria	Kayla
Even though Victoria had a higher title than Kayla, _ made more in income at the company.	Victoria	Kayla
It appears more jars can easily fit into the bags if attempted. He never know the _ are that small.	jars	bags
It appears more jars can easily fit into the bags if attempted. He never know the _ are that big.	jars	bags
The bartender poured the contents of the bottle into the glass because the _ was empty.	bottle	glass
The bartender poured the contents of the bottle into the glass because the _ was full.	bottle	glass
Megan tried to put her panties into Samantha 's laundry load, because _ didn't have enough room in her washing machine.	Megan	Samantha
Megan tried to put her panties into Samantha 's laundry load, but _ didn't have enough room in her washing machine.	Megan	Samantha
I filled my fountain pen with ink from a bottle until the _ was empty.	bottle	pen
I filled my fountain pen with ink from a bottle until the _ was full.	bottle	pen
Craig agreed to join Ian's bowling team because they needed a good bowler and _ is a professional.	Craig	Ian
Craig agreed to join Ian's bowling team because they needed a good bowler and _ is a bad bowler.	Craig	Ian
Ann quit her job and started her own company because the _ offered a higher income.	company	job
Ann quit her job and started her own company because the _ offered a lower income.	company	job
When Linda began to panic, her husband brought her into the bedroom instead of the living room because it was too loud in the _ .	living room	bedroom
When Linda began to panic, her husband brought her into the bedroom instead of the living room because it was quiet in the _ .	living room	bedroom
Upon unearthing a glass vase and a copper pot, the archaeology workers loosely packed the _ because it was sturdy.	vase	pot
Upon unearthing a glass vase and a copper pot, the archaeology workers tightly packed the _ because it was fragile.	vase	pot
James handed a box of items for his friend to carry but feeling lazy, his friend had his eyes on the bag because the _ is smaller.	bag	box
James handed a box of items for his friend to carry but feeling lazy, his friend had his eyes on the bag because the _ is bigger.	bag	box
After running the dishwasher, Mary removed the plates but left the cups in there because the _ were still dirty.	plates	cups
After running the dishwasher, Mary removed the plates but left the cups in there because the _ were clean.	plates	cups
The jar was made of glass but the bottle was plastic, so the _ was more durable.	jar	bottle
The jar was made of glass but the bottle was plastic, so the _ was more fragile.	jar	bottle
An indoor plant needs a pot and a water-can because the _ will be like rain.	pot	water-can
An indoor plant needs a pot and a water-can because the _ will not get rain.	pot	water-can
The man recycled his bottles but not his cans, because the _ were accepted at the recycling facility.	bottles	cans
The man recycled his bottles but not his cans, because the _ were prohibited by the recycling facility.	bottles	cans
James asked for a bag if they are paying him in cash and not a check because the _ is light.	cash	check
James asked for a bag if they are paying him in cash and not a check because the _ is bulky.	cash	check
Felicia likes working for the company in the city more than the one in the country.  The _  is fun.	city	country
Felicia likes working for the company in the city more than the one in the country.   The _  is boring.	city	country
Since Cynthia broke their ankle yesterday and Samantha's leg had fully healed, _ did not need to use crutches to move around.	Cynthia	Samantha
Since Cynthia broke their ankle yesterday and Samantha's leg had fully healed, _ needed to use crutches to move around.	Cynthia	Samantha
Benjamin drank Dennis's juice when they weren't looking last night so _ was looking for the bottle.	Benjamin	Dennis
Benjamin drank Dennis's juice when they weren't looking last night so _ was hiding the bottle.	Benjamin	Dennis
The activities that he had planned out could not fit into the schedules because the _ were full.	activities	schedules
Jojo planted a rose in the pot on the table but the _ was too tiny.	pot	rose
Jojo planted a rose in the pot on the table but the _ was too large.	pot	rose
Jane dropped her crystal in a bottle and closed it. It was amazing the _ was big enough.	bottle	crystal
Jane dropped her crystal in a bottle and closed it. It was amazing the _ was small enough.	bottle	crystal
Brett told Ian about his marriage to a smart and cute person they both know. Later _ received a nice bottle of wine to congratulate him.	Brett	Ian
Brett told Ian about his marriage to a smart and cute person they both know. Later _ felt lonely and opened a nice bottle of wine to console himself.	Brett	Ian
Samantha's home is filled with pots, pans, and skillets, but Lindsey does not have many. _ eats at restaurants more.	Samantha	Lindsey
Samantha's home is filled with pots, pans, and skillets, but Lindsey does not have many. _ eats at home more.	Samantha	Lindsey
Megan hated the table she saw, but Emily loved it. When they left the store empty-handed, _ was disappointed.	Megan	Emily
Megan loved the table she saw, but Emily hated it. When they left the store empty-handed, _ was disappointed.	Megan	Emily
We increased the output of the energy to get through the box since the _ was high.	energy	box
We increased the output of the energy to get through the box since the _ was low.	energy	box
I couldn't use the new pan to cook the steak, because the _ was too shallow.	pan	steak
I couldn't use the new pan to cook the steak, because the _ was too wide.	pan	steak
The box was still visible after James tried his best to manage the wrapper on it. James should have used the _ that is big.	wrapper	box
The box was still visible after James tried his best to manage the wrapper on it. James should have used the _ that is small.	wrapper	box
I had to develop a picture, and when I poured the solution from the jug into the pan, the _ was heavier.	jug	pan
I had to develop a picture, and when I poured the solution from the jug into the pan, the _ was lighter.	jug	pan
Maria ordered pancakes while Natalie ordered a hamburger, and _ put syrup and butter on their meal.	Maria	Natalie
Maria ordered pancakes while Natalie ordered a hamburger, and _ put ketchup and mustard on their meal.	Maria	Natalie
Our station at the school was not as full of people as John's cart because the _ was in a bad location.	station	cart
Our station at the school was not as full of people as John's cart because the _ was in a good location.	station	cart
At the clothing store, Beth wanted to get the jeans instead of the pants because the _ were cool.	jeans	pants
At the clothing store, Beth wanted to get the jeans instead of the pants because the _ were ugly.	jeans	pants
Samantha had an empty pantry while Sarah had a full pantry because _ needed to go to the grocery store.	Samantha	Sarah
Samantha had an empty pantry while Sarah had a full pantry because _ just went to the grocery store.	Samantha	Sarah
To shoot the commercial, the director asked the actors to stand on soapboxes then stare into the cameras because the _ were too high to capture them.	cameras	soapboxes
To shoot the commercial, the director asked the actors to stand on soapboxes then stare into the cameras because the _ lifted them high to capture them..	cameras	soapboxes
John poured some water from the bottle to the bowl and there  still enough space in the bowl. The _  large.	bowl	bottle
John poured some water from the bottle to the bowl and there  still enough space in the bowl. The _  small.	bowl	bottle
As the immigrant left the country, she could only bring her backpack and not her bag because the _ was essential.	backpack	bag
As the immigrant left the country, she could only bring her backpack and not her bag because the _ was superfluous.	backpack	bag
Samuel felt the effects of the alcohol more quickly than Donald, as _ drank on a full stomach.	Samuel	Donald
Samuel felt the effects of the alcohol more quickly than Donald, as _ drank on an empty stomach.	Samuel	Donald
Justin was not afraid to fight Leslie in the boxing ring, even though _ was much larger.	Justin	Leslie
Justin was not afraid to fight Leslie in the boxing ring, even though _ was much smaller.	Justin	Leslie
The members enjoyed the drinks and threw away the foods, thanks to the _ being garbage quality.	drinks	foods
The baby liked playing with the rattle more than the music box because the _ was more fun.	rattle	music box
The baby liked playing with the rattle more than the music box because the _ was more boring.	rattle	music box
I made pancakes and coffee for breakfast but only had the _ because I was feeling full already.	pancakes	coffee
I made pancakes and coffee for breakfast but only had the _ because I was feeling alert already.	pancakes	coffee
The phone I got couldn't fit into the pocket of the black pants I was wearing  The _ was too small.	pocket	phone
The phone I got couldn't fit into the pocket of the black pants I was wearing  The _ was too big.	pocket	phone
Ryan's fridge was fuller than Dennis's because _ just went shopping the day before yesterday.	Ryan	Dennis
Jill poured the entire bowl of cut chicken into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was empty.	bowl	pan
Jill poured the entire bowl of cut chicken into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was full.	bowl	pan
Jams bag protected the cloth when he walked in the mud. The _ is clean.	cloth	bag
Jams bag protected the cloth when he walked in the mud. The _ is dirty.	cloth	bag
John emptied the water from the bottle into the cup but we still have some left in the bottle. The _ is small.	bottle	cup
John emptied the water from the bottle into the cup but we still have some left in the bottle. The _ is big.	bottle	cup
Jose wanted to upgrade the performance of his computer and overclocked the CPU instead of the GPU because the _ was the bottleneck.	CPU	GPU
I poured pure beach sand into the Hermit Crab's animal cage until the _ was full.	animal	cage
The events for the summer didn't fit in the calendars because the _ were too full.	events	calendars
The author wrote notes on the writing pad with a pen until the _ was full.	pen	pad
The author wrote notes on the writing pad with a pen until the _ was empty.	pen	pad
Performing karaoke in public suited Dennis but not Justin because _ had little talent and trained unsuccessfully.	Dennis	Justin
Performing karaoke in public suited Dennis but not Justin because _ had considerable talent and trained successfully.	Dennis	Justin
The oils seeped out of the bag but were contained in the box, since the _ was permeable.	bag	box
The oils seeped out of the bag but were contained in the box, since the _ was impenetrable.	bag	box
Jill dropped her ice cream onto her wide leg pants and decided to put on jeans. She needed to put on different leggings because the _ are clean.	wide leg pants	jeans
Jill dropped her ice cream onto her wide leg pants and decided to put on jeans. She needed to put on different leggings because the _ are dirty.	wide leg pants	jeans
The mother said William was easier to potty train than Ryan because _ was less mature.	William	Ryan
The mother said William was easier to potty train than Ryan because _ was more mature.	William	Ryan
Amy went to a buffet. She couldn't finish eating the potatoes but could eat all the tomatoes because there was a minuscule amount of the _ on her plate.	tomatoes	potatoes
Amy went to a buffet. She couldn't finish eating the potatoes but could eat all the tomatoes because there was a grand amount of the _ on her plate.	tomatoes	potatoes
The housekeeper took wet clothing from the laundry basket and hung it on the clothesline until the _ was full.	basket	clothesline
The housekeeper took wet clothing from the laundry basket and hung it on the clothesline until the _ was empty.	basket	clothesline
John emptied the entire bowl of cookie batter onto the cooking pan until the _ was full.	bowl	pan
John emptied the entire bowl of cookie batter onto the cooking pan until the _ was empty.	bowl	pan
The man put the brocolli in the microwave while eating the potato, because the _ was warm.	brocolli	potato
The man put the brocolli in the microwave while eating the potato, because the _ was cold.	brocolli	potato
The milk gets colder when mixed with the water in the cup because the _ is cold.	milk	water
The milk gets colder when mixed with the water in the cup because the _ is hot.	milk	water
The apples didn't freeze well in the old refrigerator's freezer, so they made an icebox and finished the job. The _ was colder.	icebox	freezer
The apples didn't freeze well in the old refrigerator's freezer, so they made an icebox and finished the job. The _ was warmer.	icebox	freezer
I moved my wet clothing from the suitcase to the laundry bag, and as a result, the _ became light.	suitcase	bag
I moved my wet clothing from the suitcase to the laundry bag, and as a result, the _ became heavy.	suitcase	bag
We kept the bread in the box to help prevent mold and to keep it out of sight because the _ made the kitchen look messy.	bread	mold
We kept the bread in the box to help prevent mold and to keep it out of sight because the _ made the kitchen look dirty.	bread	mold
Mary put the cookies on a pan and put in the oven but the _ was too big.	pan	oven
Mary put the cookies on a pan and put in the oven but the _ was too small.	pan	oven
Darlene was making a casserole and decided to top it with tater tots instead of potato chips because her family had already had it with the _ before.	tater tots	potato chips
Darlene was making a casserole and decided to top it with tater tots instead of potato chips because her family had never had it with the _ before.	tater tots	potato chips
I just bought a new bag for my camera but it can't fit because the _ is too small.	camera	bag
I just bought a new bag for my camera but it can't fit because the _ is too big.	camera	bag
The pink shirt went with her shoes but not her pants , since the _ matched .	shoes	pants
The pink shirt went with her shoes but not her pants , since the _ clashed .	shoes	pants
The company made a gum using a new type of tree sap and food coloring, but the _ came from endangered trees.	sap	coloring
The company made a gum using a new type of tree sap and food coloring, but the _ came from industrial waste.	sap	coloring
Dennis was an environmentalist and did not want Neil to use a water bottle, _ didn't use metal.	Dennis	Neil
Dennis was an environmentalist and did not want Neil to use a water bottle, _ insisted on metal.	Dennis	Neil
Sarah wanted to keep the squash in her garden and pick all the pumpkin so she worked until the _ patch was empty.	pumpkin	squash
Sarah wanted to keep the squash in her garden and pick all the pumpkin so she worked until the _ patch was full.	pumpkin	squash
The sample that Betty gave the company was clean unlike Kayla, because _ tried to hide something.	Betty	Kayla
The sample that Betty gave the company was dirty unlike Kayla, because _ tried to hide something.	Betty	Kayla
When Christine crashed the car into Felicia's garden,  _ was sued for damages that the insurance company refused to pay.	Christine	Felicia
When Christine crashed the car into Felicia's garden, _ sued for damages that the insurance company refused to pay.	Christine	Felicia
We took great care of the box and not the plate when moving as the _ was brittle.	box	plate
We took great care of the box and not the plate when moving as the _ was sturdy.	box	plate
In order to avoid bear attacks, Ben had loud pans and storage bins. Ben found the _ helpless when the bear came.	pans	bins
In order to avoid bear attacks, Ben had loud pans and storage bins. Ben found the _ helpful when the bear came.	pans	bins
No matter how hard she squeezed, the shampoo would not come out of the bottle because the _ was all gone.	shampoo	bottle
No matter how hard she squeezed, the shampoo would not come out of the bottle because the _ was empty.	shampoo	bottle
I went to pour more water from the watercooler into the bottle but the _ was empty.	watercooler	bottle
I went to pour more water from the watercooler into the bottle but the _ was full.	watercooler	bottle
Being health conscious, Natalie doesn't eat red meat, they gave the steak to Cynthia and _ was very full..	Natalie	Cynthia
On a double-pan balance, a pan containing a one pound package is lower than the other pan containing a 16 ounce bottle. The _ is lighter.	package	bottle
On a double-pan balance, a pan containing a one pound package is lower than the other pan containing a 16 ounce bottle. The _ is heavier.	package	bottle
Emily sold Monica a bottle of lotion that she promised would keep her smooth and hair free; _ likes selling goods .	Emily	Monica
Emily sold Monica a bottle of lotion that she promised would keep her smooth and hair free; _ likes buying goods .	Emily	Monica
The tea Matthew made was always more strong than the tea Ian made because _ took the teabag out of the cup.	Matthew	Ian
The tea Matthew made was always more strong than the tea Ian made because _ left the teabag in the cup.	Matthew	Ian
The ambulance that Matthew called for Joel finally arrived because he was in so much pain from kidney stones. _ accompanied him in the ambulance to the hospital.	Matthew	Joel
The child was screaming after the baby bottle and toy fell. Since the child was full, the _ stopped his crying.	baby bottle	toy
The child was screaming after the baby bottle and toy fell. Since the child was hungry, the _ stopped his crying.	baby bottle	toy
The company tried using a new cookie cutter and oven for snack production, but the _ had overheated.	cutter	oven
The company tried using a new cookie cutter and oven for snack production, but the _ had uneven portions.	cutter	oven
I wanted to organize my closet, so I pulled a bunch of stuff out of the closet and put it in a box, and now the _ is emptier.	closet	box
I wanted to organize my closet, so I pulled a bunch of stuff out of the closet and put it in a box, and now the _ is fuller.	closet	box
Hunter needed some solitude from Steven, because _ was tired of always having company at their house.	Hunter	Steven
At dinner, Tanya gave the rest of her spinach to Betty, because _ was full.	Tanya	Betty
Don hung the picture in the bathroom instead of the den, because the walls in the _ were all empty.	bathroom	den
Jean wanted pot roast for dinner and had carrots but didn't have any potatoes. She didn't have to make a trip to the grocery store for the _ .	carrots	potatoes
Jean wanted pot roast for dinner and had carrots but didn't have any potatoes. She did have to make a trip to the grocery store for the _ .	carrots	potatoes
In the morning, he urinates from his bladder to the toilet bowl until the _ is full.	bladder	toilet bowl
In the morning, he urinates from his bladder to the toilet bowl until the _ is empty.	bladder	toilet bowl
The case kept opening by itself because of the box kept in it because the _ is too small.	box	case
The case kept opening by itself because of the box kept in it because the _ is too large.	box	case
The bag of Lindsey was unable to be carried on the plane like Natalie's, since _ bag was tiny.	Lindsey	Natalie
The bag of Lindsey was unable to be carried on the plane like Natalie's, since _ bag was huge.	Lindsey	Natalie
The tree grew faster in the soil than the potted plant since the _ was dry of water.	tree	plant
The tree grew faster in the soil than the potted plant since the _ was saturated with water.	tree	plant
Sickness was running rampant through the school, so Felicia took rest while Patricia worked through the sickness which caused _ to stay sick for a shorter period of time.	Felicia	Patricia
Sickness was running rampant through the school, so Felicia took rest while Patricia worked through the sickness which caused _ to stay sick for a longer period of time.	Felicia	Patricia
The bacon fat made the potatoes delicious but was not good for the waffles, as the _ matched with the bacon flavor.	potatoes	waffles
The bacon fat made the potatoes delicious but was not good for the waffles, as the _ clashed with the bacon flavor.	potatoes	waffles
Matthew didn't want to clean up the kitten's dirty litter box for Justin so _ insisted on payment.	Matthew	Justin
Matthew didn't want to clean up the kitten's dirty litter box for Justin so _ gave some payment.	Matthew	Justin
Lawrence was happy about the internship at the company of Robert when _ received praise.	Lawrence	Robert
Lawrence was happy about the internship at the company of Robert when _ gave praise.	Lawrence	Robert
Rachel has more trouble doing daily chores than Elena, because _ successfully manages their clinical depression.	Rachel	Elena
He was more perplexed by the puzzle boxes than the math problems, because the _ were hard to solve.	puzzle boxes	math problems
He was more perplexed by the puzzle boxes than the math problems, because the _ were easy to solve.	puzzle boxes	math problems
Bob poured the entire bag of plain chip into the serving bowl for the party until the _ was full.	bag	bowl
Bob poured the entire bag of plain chip into the serving bowl for the party until the _ was empty.	bag	bowl
Angela's dog got sick from licking up antifreeze, but Jessica's dog did not because _ forgot to use a pan when they emptied the radiator.	Angela	Jessica
Angela's dog got sick from licking up antifreeze, but Jessica's dog did not because _ remembered to use a pan when they emptied the radiator.	Angela	Jessica
Maria placed the book in Monica 's locker because _ 's locker was full at the time.	Maria	Monica
Maria placed the book in Monica 's locker because _ 's locker was empty at the time.	Maria	Monica
The old capacitor would not fit in the box because the _ is too awkward.	capacitor	box
The old capacitor would not fit in the box because the _ is too straight.	capacitor	box
Sarah wanted to use food coloring for her hair but Felicia wanted to use boxed dye, _ was very conventional.	Sarah	Felicia
Sarah wanted to use food coloring for her hair but Felicia wanted to use boxed dye, _ was very creative.	Sarah	Felicia
Before removing the tick, he gathered tweezers and a small bottle of rubbing alcohol. He dropped the tick into the _ .	tweezers	bottle
Before removing the tick, he gathered tweezers and a small bottle of rubbing alcohol. He grabbed the tick with the _ .	tweezers	bottle
Hoping to sell a lot, Mary removed the girl scout cookie boxes from the table and arranged them on the shelf, because the _ wasn't very noticable.	table	shelf
Hoping to sell a lot, Mary removed the girl scout cookie boxes from the table and arranged them on the shelf, because the _ was more eye catching.	table	shelf
Eric chose not to share  only zucchini with Joel, so _ was rather full.	Eric	Joel
The cure was discovered by Joel, and Lawrence was jealous because _ was in the spotlight.	Joel	Lawrence
Monica showed Victoria how to successfully reinstall Windows XP without a CD.  _ was knowledgeable.	Monica	Victoria
Monica showed Victoria how to successfully reinstall Windows XP without a CD.  _ was grateful.	Monica	Victoria
Sometimes essential oils come in glass containers and some come in plastic bottles. The _ are less likely to break.	glass containers	plastic bottles
Sometimes essential oils come in glass containers and some come in plastic bottles. The _ are more likely to break.	glass containers	plastic bottles
Kai bought peaches and pumpkins at supermarket, he placed the _  at the top the reusable bag, because they are soft.	peaches	pumpkins
Kai bought peaches and pumpkins at supermarket, he placed the _  at the bottom of the reusable bag, because they are hard.	peaches	pumpkins
Mary bought a new Xbox from Maria when _ was working at the electronics shop.	Mary	Maria
Mary bought a new Xbox from Maria when _ was going to the electronics shop.	Mary	Maria
The groundskeeper replaced the filter in the pond. He could see that the _ was full.	pond	filter
Jeffrey was the receptionist for the company while Derrick was the data clerk because _ liked to work with people.	Jeffrey	Derrick
Jeffrey was the receptionist for the company while Derrick was the data clerk because _ disliked to work with people.	Jeffrey	Derrick
John wanted a panel to replace the golden paint on the wall because the _ is  unfashionable.	panel	paint
John wanted a panel to replace the golden paint on the wall because the _ is trendy.	panel	paint
Eric poured the entire box of bacon into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was full.	box	pan
Eric poured the entire box of bacon into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was empty.	box	pan
The drink was made when I poured it into the cup through the strainer. The _ quickly filtered the solids.	cup	strainer
The drink was made when I poured it into the cup through the strainer. The _ quickly overfilled.	cup	strainer
The beefed up doorman let patrons that were on his list into the club until the _ was full.	club	list
The beefed up doorman let patrons that were on his list into the club until the _ was empty.	club	list
The cup got full when James was just emptying the bottle he bought from the store. The _ is a small one.	bottle	cup
The cup got full when James was just emptying the bottle he bought from the store. The _ is a large one.	bottle	cup
After buying the animals food, the medicine treat for the dog was better than the syringe since the _ was empty of medicine.	treat	syringe
After buying the animals food, the medicine treat for the dog was better than the syringe since the _ was full of medicine.	treat	syringe
James dipped the dirty plate into the bowl of water and the _ turned clean.	plate	water
James dipped the dirty plate into the bowl of water and the _ turned dirty.	plate	water
James cannot pick the box at the bottom of the barrel, so he picked the ball at the top because the _ is farther.	ball	box
James cannot pick the box at the bottom of the barrel, so he picked the ball at the top because the _ is closer.	ball	box
William was greeting the mayor in Spanish during the event unlike Kevin because _ never went abroad.	William	Kevin
William was greeting the mayor in Spanish during the event unlike Kevin because _ traveled to Mexico.	William	Kevin
The shirt was in the cardboard box and the book was sitting on top of it when it rained, so the _ stayed dry.	book	shirt
The shirt was in the cardboard box and the book was sitting on top of it when it rained, so the _ got wet.	book	shirt
Justin got sick one day. Lawrence decided to care for him until _ was fully recovered.	Justin	Lawrence
James realized the bag cannot contain ten bottles so he decided to put twenty jars in it. The _ are big.	bottles	jars
James realized the bag cannot contain ten bottles so he decided to put twenty jars in it. The _ are small.	bottles	jars
The panzerotti that Logan makes is horrible compared to Robert's because _ is a chef.	Logan	Robert
The panzerotti that Logan makes is tasty compared to Robert's because _ is a chef.	Logan	Robert
The honey was poured out of  the jar and into the pot until the _ was full.	jar	pot
The honey was poured out of  the jar and into the pot until the _ was empty.	jar	pot
At the bar, Spanish is mostly spoken, while at the restaurant, people mostly speak English. That's because the _ owner is American.	bar	restaurant
At the bar, Spanish is mostly spoken, while at the restaurant, people mostly speak English. That's because the _ owner is Mexican.	bar	restaurant
The artists used 1 pound of clay for the vase and 2 poundsof clay for the bowl since the _ was larger.	Vase	Bowl
The artists used 1 pound of clay for the vase and 2 poundsof clay for the bowl since the _ was smaller.	Vase	Bowl
Owen wore boxers to sleep more than briefs because the _ were loose on his skin.	briefs	boxers
Owen wore boxers to sleep more than briefs because the _ were too tight against his skin.	briefs	boxers
I used a wine bottle to pour some wine into a wine glass, because the _ was full.	wine glass	wine bottle
I used a wine bottle to pour some wine into a wine glass, because the _ was empty.	wine glass	wine bottle
The diamond necklace was damaged in the box, so it was moved to the drawer, since the _ was risky for its safety.	box	drawer
The diamond necklace was damaged in the box, so it was moved to the drawer, since the _ was secure for its safety.	box	drawer
The sales clerk wanted to put the dress in a box but it wouldn't fit because the _ was too long.	dress	box
The sales clerk wanted to put the dress in a box but it wouldn't fit because the _ was too short.	dress	box
The memo was read more than the note, because the _ was put in a empty place at work.	memo	note
While Michael didn't like animals as much as Robert however _ had a soft spot for frogs.	Michael	Robert
The bagel shop sells muffins, but not donuts, because _ have a much lower profit margin.	muffins	donuts
The bagel shop sells muffins, but not donuts, because _ have a much higher profit margin.	muffins	donuts
The ball that was stolen from the child wouldn't fit in the bag because the _ was too small.	bag	ball
The ball that was stolen from the child wouldn't fit in the bag because the _ was too big.	bag	ball
She was able to lift all the boxes with books but asked the neighbour to help her with the chairs, because the _ were light.	boxes	chairs
She was able to lift all the boxes with books but asked the neighbour to help her with the chairs, because the _ were heavy.	boxes	chairs
A strong cup of java was fine with Jennifer but Carrie thought it was too bitter. _ drank their java with cream and sugar.	Jennifer	Carrie
A strong cup of java was fine with Jennifer but Carrie thought it was too bitter. _ drank their java black.	Jennifer	Carrie
Adam is getting full immunity during the trial but not Robert because _ is going to testify.	Adam	Robert
Adam is getting full immunity during the trial but not Robert because _ is keeping quiet..	Adam	Robert
There is more fat on Aaron's body when compared to Kevin as a result of _ being a couch potato.	Aaron	Kevin
James was panting more heavily when he jogged on the street compared to when he jogged on the lawn because the _ is longer.	street	lawn
James was panting more heavily when he jogged on the street compared to when he jogged on the lawn because the _ is shorter.	street	lawn
What you drink affects your health; for example, drinking a soda is worse for you than a bottle of water because the _ is unnatural.	soda	water
What you drink affects your health; for example, drinking a soda is worse for you than a bottle of water because the _ is natural.	soda	water
The company bought more bar stools than booths because the patrons liked to sit on the _ .	stools	booths
The company bought more bar stools than booths although the patrons like to sit at the _ .	stools	booths
His two biggest problems were his consumption of cookies and potatoes.  The _ were often crumbling.	cookies	potatoes
His two biggest problems were his consumption of cookies and potatoes.  The _ were often spoiled.	cookies	potatoes
Kayla got sicker at the diner than Sarah because _ meal had fully cooked chicken in it.	Kayla	Sarah
The knitted sweater I bought from the market did not fit into the bag. The _ was too bulky.	bag	sweater
The knitted sweater I bought from the market did not fit into the bag. The _ was too tiny.	bag	sweater
The plant root broke out of the pot as it continues to grow and the _ becomes weaker.	root	pot
The plant root broke out of the pot as it continues to grow and the _ becomes stronger.	root	pot
The homemaker took the dishes out of the dishwasher and put them in the cupboard until the _ was full.	dishwasher	cupboard
The homemaker took the dishes out of the dishwasher and put them in the cupboard until the _ was empty.	dishwasher	cupboard
The water in the fountain tasted better than the water in the bottle because the water in the _ had more iron.	fountain	bottle
The water in the fountain tasted worse than the water in the bottle because the water in the _ had more iron.	fountain	bottle
Eric is known as bilingual whereas Jason is not because _ still can't speak Spanish fluently.	Eric	Jason
Eric is known as bilingual whereas Jason is not because _ can speak Spanish fluently.	Eric	Jason
She wanted to add decor into the fish bowl, but was unable to because the _ was too small.	decor	bowl
She wanted to add decor into the fish bowl, but was unable to because the _ was too large.	decor	bowl
Jeff needed to buy new shirts but not new pants because the _ he owned were worn out.	shirts	pants
Jeff needed to buy new shirts but not new pants because the _ he owned were new.	shirts	pants
In order to practice Taekwondo, he punched the bag instead of the wall. The _ was softer.	bag	wall
In order to practice Taekwondo, he punched the bag instead of the wall. The _ was harder.	bag	wall
She took the basic bag that she had purchased it and redesigned it into a purse because the _ was more mundane.	bag	purse
She took the basic bag that she had purchased and redesigned it into a purse because the _ was more useful.	bag	purse
Although to determine whether the emu is sick or healthy is quite hard, it can be spotted by observing the weight, the _ emu is quite heavy.	healthy	sick
Although to determine whether the emu is sick or healthy is quite hard, it can be spotted by observing the weight, the _ emu is quite light.	healthy	sick
Amy grabs the fire extinguisher to help Patricia put out the fire but _ knew it was empty.	Amy	Patricia
Amy grabs the fire extinguisher to help Patricia put out the fire because _ thought it was full.	Amy	Patricia
Angela has always wanted to start their own business, however Erin prefers to work for a company. _ has a very risk averse spirit.	Angela	Erin
Angela has always wanted to start their own business, however Erin prefers to work for a company. _ has a very entrepreneurial spirit.	Angela	Erin
They were planning on going out to the green to play golf because the tennis court was full, so the _ would be hectic.	golf	tennis
They were planning on going out to the green to play golf because the tennis court was full, so the _ would be peaceful.	golf	tennis
Hunter asked Derrick to make the fresh chips and dip for the birthday party because _ ran out of potatoes.	Hunter	Derrick
Hunter asked Derrick to make the fresh chips and dip for the birthday party since _ just bought potatoes.	Hunter	Derrick
Lawrence sent a detailed resume to Adam because _ had a job vacancy at their company.	Lawrence	Adam
Lawrence sent a detailed resume to Adam because _ wanted a job with their company.	Lawrence	Adam
Eric told Derrick to take the bag of seeds and plant them in the gardens because _ is to clean house.	Eric	Derrick
Eric told Derrick to take the bag of seeds and plant them in the gardens because _ isn't doing anything.	Eric	Derrick
Joseph ordered pancakes for Derrick without asking because _ had always ordered them for breakfast.	Joseph	Derrick
Joseph ordered pancakes for Derrick without asking because _ knew he always ordered them for breakfast.	Joseph	Derrick
Logan went to the store to buy a bigger wardrobe unlike Aaron because _ old one was still empty.	Logan	Aaron
Logan went to the store to buy a bigger wardrobe unlike Aaron because _ old one was full.	Logan	Aaron
The pen could easily be hidden in between the crack of the box. Yes, the _ is that small.	pen	crack
The pen could easily be hidden in between the crack of the box. Yes, the _ is that wide.	pen	crack
Rachel bought some jewelry for Samanthas birthday,  _  would unwrap the disguised box. .	Rachel	Samantha
Rachel bought some jewelry for Samanthas birthday,  _  would wrap to disguise the box.	Rachel	Samantha
The woman wanted to grow potatoes in her gardens but the _ were too large.	potatoes	gardens
The woman wanted to grow potatoes in her gardens but the _ were too small.	potatoes	gardens
I prefer miniature dogs to full-size dogs as a pet as the _ take up less room in my apartment.	miniature dogs	full-size dogs
I prefer miniature dogs to full-size dogs as a pet as the _ take up too much room in my apartment.	miniature dogs	full-size dogs
In order for his love to be happy, he bought flowers and bags. She liked the _ better because they were long-lasting.	bags	flowers
In order for his love to be happy, he bought flowers and bags. She liked the _ better because they were short-lasting.	bags	flowers
I can't remember if I packed my bag with the bowling ball or the soccer ball. The bag was heavy so it must have the _ in it.	bowling ball	soccer ball
I can't remember if I packed my bag with the bowling ball or the soccer ball. The bag was light so it must have the _ in it.	bowling ball	soccer ball
James could not get enough juice from the pineapple to fill the cup because the _ is big.	pineapple	cup
James could not get enough juice from the pineapple to fill the cup because the _ is small.	pineapple	cup
Ben needed to change the baby's diaper and bottle. However, the baby started to cry because it was full so he got the _ .	bottle	diaper
Ben needed to change the baby's diaper and bottle. However, the baby started to cry because it was hungry so he got the _ .	bottle	diaper
Nelson grabbed a basket full of candy as a treat to Logan during Halloween because _ is his father.	Nelson	Logan
Nelson grabbed a basket full of candy as a treat to Logan during Halloween because _ asked him to.	Nelson	Logan
The scientist poured the fluids from the test-tubes into the beakers until the _ were full.	beakers	test-tubes
The scientist poured the fluids from the test-tubes into the beakers until the _ were empty.	beakers	test-tubes
Amy was scolded by Natalie for not emptying the litter box because it was _ 's turn to do the chore.	Amy	Natalie
Amy was scolded by Natalie for not emptying the litter box although it was _ 's turn to do the chore.	Amy	Natalie
The ball had a lot of room to move around when placed in the box. The _ is small.	ball	box
The ball had a lot of room to move around when placed in the box. The _ is big.	ball	box
I always use reusable bag rather than plastic bag when I shop because the _ is harmful for the environment.	reusable bag	plastic bag
I always use reusable bag rather than plastic bag when I shop because the _ is friendly for the environment.	reusable bag	plastic bag
The operating nurse took the instruments off of the table and put them on the tray until the _ was full.	table	tray
The operating nurse took the instruments off of the table and put them on the tray until the _ was empty.	table	tray
James bag was roughed after washing it with a brush because the _ is too weak.	brush	bag
James bag was roughed after washing it with a brush because the _ is too hard.	brush	bag
Danni suspected her husband of cheating, and ignoring his pants, looking at his shirt, because lipstick was harder to spot on the _ .	shirt	pants
Danni suspected her husband of cheating, and ignoring his pants, looking at his shirt, because lipstick was easier to spot on the _ .	shirt	pants
She used the deodorant instead of the perfume to make herself smell fresh, because the _ was full.	deodorant	perfume
She used the deodorant instead of the perfume to make herself smell fresh, because the _ was empty.	deodorant	perfume
The pot dropped on the table and got the table broken because the _ is strong.	pot	table
The pot dropped on the table and got the table broken because the _ is weak.	pot	table
Victoria stretched the material in the pants less than Tanya did because _ was bigger in size.	Victoria	Tanya
Victoria stretched the material in the pants less than Tanya did because _ was thinner in size.	Victoria	Tanya
Since Laura liked fish while Natalie  was a cat lover, _ was often cleaning a litter box.	Laura	Natalie
The bottle spent the whole day to get cold in the refrigerator because the _ is small.	bottle	refrigerator
The bottle spent the whole day to get cold in the refrigerator because the _ is big.	bottle	refrigerator
James cannot put his signature in between the box provided because the _ is big.	box	signature
James cannot put his signature in between the box provided because the _ is small.	box	signature
Adam cleaned his bathroom sink more often than Jason, therefore _ wasn't embarrassed when company came over.	Adam	Jason
Adam cleaned his bathroom sink more often than Jason, therefore _ was very embarrassed when company came over.	Adam	Jason
Nelson helped Robert improve a boxed cake because _ had entered a contest before and won.	Nelson	Robert
Nelson helped Robert improve a boxed cake because _ had entered a contest and wanted to win.	Nelson	Robert
The pan placed over the flame do not get hot fast enough because the _ is low.	pan	flame
The pan placed over the flame do not get hot fast enough because the _ is high.	pan	flame
During the early stages of her pregnancy, the woman only needed to buy new pants, but could still wear her shirts, because the _ still fit.	pants	shirts
During the early stages of her pregnancy, the woman only needed to buy new pants, but could still wear her shirts, because the _ had become too tight.	pants	shirts
The chef added oil from the bottle to the pan until the _ was nearly empty.	pan	bottle
The chef added oil from the bottle to the pan until the _ was nearly full.	pan	bottle
Mindy smokes cigarettes while she does her yoga poses. The _ statistically increase her chances of future panic attacks.	yoga poses	cigarettes
Mindy smokes cigarettes while she does her yoga poses. The _ statistically reduce her chances of future panic attacks.	yoga poses	cigarettes
When Samantha dropped a glass bowl and broke it, Betty yelled. _ felt frustrated about the bowl.	Samantha	Betty
When Samantha dropped a glass bowl and broke it, Betty yelled. _ felt bad about the bowl.	Samantha	Betty
Claudia bought a dress for the party, but then decided to wear a pantsuit because the _ was comfortable.	pantsuit	dress
Claudia bought a dress for the party, but then decided to wear a pantsuit because the _ was itchy.	pantsuit	dress
He took the treat out of his pocket and placed it in his bag so it wouldn't melt, as the _ was cool inside.	pocket	bag
He took the treat out of his pocket and placed it in his bag so it wouldn't melt, as the _ was warm inside.	pocket	bag
The company sold a comic featuring a world filled with advanced technology and space travel, where the _ made people desire more.	technology	travel
The company sold a comic featuring a world filled with advanced technology and space travel, where the _ led to galactic wars.	technology	travel
Making new friends wasn't easy for Adam while it came easily to Donald because _ was painfully shy.	Adam	Donald
The girl was warned not to touch the pan, but told it was ok to touch the pot, because the _ had cooled.	pan	pot
The girl was warned not to touch the pan, but told it was ok to touch the pot, because the _ had been heated.	pan	pot
Angela prefers to wear skirts while Amy prefers long pants.  _  wears socks.	Angela	Amy
Angela prefers to wear skirts while Amy prefers long pants.  _  wears pantyhose.	Angela	Amy
I want to work for an established company rather than a start up company because I think the _ is more secure.	established company	start up company
I want to work for an established company rather than a start up company because I think the _ is less secure.	established company	start up company
The terms of the work contract suited Joel but not Nelson because _ was committed to working for the company.	Joel	Nelson
The terms of the work contract suited Joel but not Nelson because _ was committed to working for a different company.	Joel	Nelson
Many foods are best eaten from a bowl instead of a plate. The _ is useful when the food is runny and may spill.	bowl	plate
Many foods are best eaten from a bowl instead of a plate. The _ is useful when the food is tough and needs cutting.	bowl	plate
Monica wanted help from Carrie in preparing the saffron potatoes, because _ was tired of doing all the work.	Monica	Carrie
Monica wanted help from Carrie in preparing the saffron potatoes, but _ was tired of being asked for help.	Monica	Carrie
Leslie offered to show Logan where all main spots in town are as _ has lived there for many years.	Leslie	Logan
Leslie offered to show Logan where all main spots in town are as _ has lived there for only days..	Leslie	Logan
Mike wanted to take the cooler on vacation but took the cup instead because the _ had a broken lid.	cooler	cup
Mike wanted to take the cooler on vacation but took the cup instead because the _ had a new lid.	cooler	cup
I decided to use the cabbage instead of the lettuce in my salad since the _ is blander to me.	cabbage	lettuce
I decided to use the cabbage instead of the lettuce in my salad since the _ is tastier to me.	cabbage	lettuce
Laura was quick to compliment their employees for a job well done but Megan was not. _ was not respected by anyone in the company.	Laura	Megan
Laura was quick to compliment their employees for a job well done but Megan was not. _ was well respected by everyone in the company.	Laura	Megan
Felicia hated styrofoam cups and Erin was drinking from one, so _ yelled at him.	Felicia	Erin
Felicia hated styrofoam cups and Erin was drinking from one, so _ hid it from him.	Felicia	Erin
The woman found the jeans were more comfortable than the pants because the _ were stiff.	jeans	pants
The woman found the jeans were more comfortable than the pants because the _ were stretchy.	jeans	pants
She decided to wear skinny jeans to the party instead of cargo pants, though the _ were more comfortable.	skinny jeans	cargo pants
She decided to wear skinny jeans to the party instead of cargo pants, though the _ were more constricting.	skinny jeans	cargo pants
I used the bucket of water to wash the car until the _ was empty.	bucket	car
Bill replaced the chicken bone in his soup with cabbage after it cooked for a couple of hours, the _ was sharp.	bone	cabbage
Bill replaced the chicken bone in his soup with cabbage after it cooked for a couple of hours, the _ was smooth.	bone	cabbage
Lindsey brought her baby to daycare while Betty kept hers at home during the day, _ was a fulltime worker.	Lindsey	Betty
James started to pant on his way to the park, so he branched his friend house and rest because the _ is far.	park	house
James started to pant on his way to the park, so he branched his friend house and rest because the _ is close.	park	house
The young cook poured oil from the container into the fryer until the _ was full.	container	fryer
The young cook poured oil from the container into the fryer until the _ was empty.	container	fryer
The medication failed to treat the disease and doctors were in a panic because the _ was powerless.	disease	medication
The medication failed to treat the disease and doctors were in a panic because the _ was resistant.	disease	medication
The waiter took his tips from the jar and put them in his wallet until the _ was empty.	jar	wallet
The waiter took his tips from the jar and put them in his wallet until the _ was full.	jar	wallet
Donald ate so much food at dinner but Randy didn't touched his food. At the end _ stomach was empty.	Donald	Randy
Donald ate so much food at dinner but Randy didn't touched his food. At the end _ stomach was full.	Donald	Randy
Adams wanted to empty the fish from the pond to the tank but the _ is too big.	tank	pond
Adams wanted to empty the fish from the pond to the tank but the _ is too small.	tank	pond
Since I took the books out of the box and put them into the storage chest, the _ became very light.	box	chest
Since I took the books out of the box and put them into the storage chest, the _ became very heavy.	box	chest
The water in the cup cannot dissolve the whole of the sugar because the _ is too little.	sugar	water
The water in the cup cannot dissolve the whole of the sugar because the _ is too much.	sugar	water
He decided to use a fork instead of a spoon with the bowl of food, because the _ was clean.	spoon	fork
He decided to use a fork instead of a spoon with the bowl of food, because the _ was dirty.	spoon	fork
All of the hipsters were interested in the new shoes from the company but not the jackets because the _ were trendy.	shoes	jackets
All of the hipsters were interested in the new shoes from the company but not the jackets because the _ were tacky.	shoes	jackets
I filled the cups with strawberries but it wasn't large enough.  The _ were too small.	strawberries	cups
I filled the cups with strawberries but it wasn't large enough.  The _ were too large.	strawberries	cups
The water in the cup still steam and James blew some air into it. The _ is cold.	water	air
The water in the cup still steam and James blew some air into it. The _ is hot.	water	air
The woman tried to put the plant into the pot but the _ was too large.	plant	pot
The woman tried to put the plant into the pot but the _ was too small.	plant	pot
The teacher took students off of the playground and put them on the bus until the _ was full.	playground	bus
The teacher took students off of the playground and put them on the bus until the _ was empty.	playground	bus
In the mountains of Japan, Erin sought physical training from Amy because _ was a master ninja.	Erin	Amy
In the mountains of Japan, Erin sought physical training from Amy because _ was a protege.	Erin	Amy
Carl tripped into a puddle of water, got his jodhpurs wet, needed some dry leggings, and decided on yoga pants. He put on the _ because they are dry.	jodhpurs	yoga pants
Carl tripped into a puddle of water, got his jodhpurs wet, needed some dry leggings, and decided on yoga pants. He took off the _ because they are wet.	jodhpurs	yoga pants
I removed the water from the pool into the ditch until the _ was empty.	pool	ditch
I removed the water from the pool into the ditch until the _ was full.	pool	ditch
I started moving the lint from the dryer to the trashcan until the _ was empty.	dryer	trashcan
I started moving the lint from the dryer to the trashcan until the _ was full.	dryer	trashcan
The husband poured the rice from the bag into the rice cooking bowl until the _ was empty.	bag	bowl
The husband poured the rice from the bag into the rice cooking bowl until the _ was full.	bag	bowl
Mary poured the entire bottle of nail polish in to a paint bowl until the _ was empty.	bottle	bowl
Mary poured the entire bottle of nail polish in to a paint bowl until the _ was full.	bottle	bowl
During the brewing process, the pots were on the stove and the bottles were in the fridge, so the _ were colder.	bottles	pots
During the brewing process, the pots were on the stove and the bottles were in the fridge, so the _ were hotter.	bottles	pots
The woman scrubbed the pan with steel wool then wiped the pot out with a cloth, because the _ was already clean.	pan	pot
The woman scrubbed the pan with steel wool then wiped the pot out with a cloth, because the _ was filthy.	pan	pot
The process of putting the box on the shelf didn't work because the _  was too small.	shelf	box
The process of putting the box on the shelf didn't work because the _  was too big.	shelf	box
Kevin's swamp Hibiscus was thriving whereas Matthew's wasn't because _ didn't have a sunny boggy spot outdoors for it.	Kevin	Matthew
Kevin's swamp Hibiscus was thriving whereas Matthew's wasn't because _ had a sunny boggy spot outdoors for it.	Kevin	Matthew
I tried to pour the alcohol into one bottle, but it wouldn't all go in because the _ was so much.	alcohol	bottle
I tried to pour the alcohol into one bottle, but it wouldn't all go in because the _ was so small.	alcohol	bottle
James cannot get the lid of the boxes closed after arranging the toys in it. The _ are many.	toys	boxes
James cannot get the lid of the boxes closed after arranging the toys in it. The _ are small.	toys	boxes
My cousin decided to use the pot and not the pan because the _ was shallow.	pot	pan
My cousin decided to use the pot and not the pan because the _ was deep.	pot	pan
John has hypothermia and is near a cabin and an outhouse. He went into the _ to relieve himself.	cabin	outhouse
John has hypothermia and is near a cabin and an outhouse. He went into the _ to warm up.	cabin	outhouse
John could not find a good spot to place the chair on the lawn without falling, hence he returned it to the pavement because the _ is even.	lawn	pavement
John could not find a good spot to place the chair on the lawn without falling, hence he returned it to the pavement because the _ is uneven.	lawn	pavement
The stomach of Carrie is growling, but Rachel's feels very full. _ must be hungry.	Carrie	Rachel
The stomach of Carrie is growling, but Rachel's feels very full. _ must be satiated.	Carrie	Rachel
The girl was trying to put the book in the bookbag. The _ would not fit in the bookbag on the table.	book	bookbag
The girl was trying to put the book in the bookbag. The book would not fit in the _ on the table.	book	bookbag
There was no money in the safe, and plenty in the lock box, because the _ had been robbed.	safe	lock box
There was no money in the safe, and plenty in the lock box, because the _ had been secured.	safe	lock box
I had no more room to put the water in the bucket because the _ was too full.	bucket	water
The young magician was able to lock the assistant in the box but couldn't use the key to open it because the _ was fine.	box	key
The young magician was able to lock the assistant in the box but couldn't use the key to open it because the _ was lost.	box	key
John poured hot chicken soup from the bottle into the pot until the _ was bare.	bottle	pot
John poured hot chicken soup from the bottle into the pot until the _ was overflowing.	bottle	pot
James can never know what was written on the envelope in the box because just the _ is hidden.	box	envelope
James can never know what was written on the envelope in the box because just the _ is visible.	box	envelope
Jessica washed and dried Laura's pots and pans because _  borrowed them to cook dinner.	Jessica	Laura
Jessica washed and dried Laura's pots and pans since _ lent them to cook dinner.	Jessica	Laura
The new paint  won't fit in the box because the _ is too short.	paint	box
The new paint  won't fit in the box because the _ is too tall.	paint	box
While packing for hunting Chris made sure to bring his bag and not his knife because the _ was essential.	bag	knife
While packing for hunting Chris made sure to bring his bag and not his knife because the _ was nonessential.	bag	knife
Neil used Kenneth's iron to press their pants, because _ told them that it was harder to hang them.	Neil	Kenneth
Neil used Kenneth's iron to press their pants, but _ thought that it was easier to hang them.	Neil	Kenneth
The dancer tried to put the skirt into the bag but the _ was too small.	bag	skirt
The dancer tried to put the skirt into the bag but the _ was too large.	bag	skirt
Benjamin enjoyed reading classical literature more than Joel because _ had a shorter attention span.	Benjamin	Joel
Benjamin enjoyed reading classical literature more than Joel because _ had a longer attention span.	Benjamin	Joel
The diner paid a lower tax than the catering company because the _ had more business.	diner	catering company
The diner paid a higher tax than the catering company because the _ had more business.	diner	catering company
Monica needed an extra cup of coffee that morning, unlike Jennifer, because _ had slept well the night before.	Monica	Jennifer
Monica needed an extra cup of coffee that morning, unlike Jennifer, because _ had slept poorly the night before.	Monica	Jennifer
I was hungry and I put the pork chop on the pan because the _ was warm.	pork chop	pan
I was hungry and I put the pork chop on the pan because the _ was cold.	pork chop	pan
Jeffrey loves to drink coffee every morning but Ian does not. _ orders a cup of coffee with their breakfast.	Jeffrey	Ian
Jeffrey loves to drink coffee every morning but Ian does not. _ orders a cup of milk with their breakfast.	Jeffrey	Ian
Benjamin wanted to ask to borrow the antique bowl from Dennis but _ didn't have it.	Benjamin	Dennis
Benjamin wanted to ask to borrow the antique bowl from Dennis but _ didn't have the nerve to.	Benjamin	Dennis
She wanted to park her SUV into the small parking spot but the _ was too small.	parking spot	SUV
She wanted to park her SUV into the small parking spot but the _ was too big.	parking spot	SUV
The food was taken out of the box and put in a bag, since it would proceed to freeze well in the _ .	box	bag
The food was taken out of the box and put in a bag, since it would fail to freeze well in the _ .	box	bag
After Jessica found the injured squirrel she decided to put it in a cage instead of a shoe box, because the _ was smaller.	cage	shoe box
After Jessica found the injured squirrel she decided to put it in a cage instead of a shoe box, because the _ was larger.	cage	shoe box
The woman tried to store the knobs in the boxes but the _ were too large.	boxes	knobs
The woman tried to store the knobs in the boxes but the _ were too small.	boxes	knobs
The CEO of the company replaced the lunch room with a game room for employees, the _ was trendy.	lunch room	game room
The CEO of the company replaced the lunch room with a game room for employees, the _ was old.	lunch room	game room
The garlic fell out of the bowl, but stayed put in the basket because the _ was intact.	bowl	basket
The garlic fell out of the bowl, but stayed put in the basket because the _ was broken.	bowl	basket
With his rifle he could shoot the jar but not the bottle , although the _ was an easier target .	jar	bottle
With his rifle he could shoot the jar but not the bottle , although the _ was a harder target .	jar	bottle
Natalie helped Monica to make a plastic bag holder, because _ was new to crafting.	Natalie	Monica
Natalie helped Monica to make a plastic bag holder, because _ was practiced at crafting.	Natalie	Monica
Dennis helped Kevin to save money by telling him how to file a lawsuit in small claims court by himself, _ is full of frugal living tips.	Dennis	Kevin
Jame cannot carry the bag given to him and he agreed to carry the box instead. The _ is heavy.	bag	box
Jame cannot carry the bag given to him and he agreed to carry the box instead. The _ is light.	bag	box
Growing the tomatoes proved easier, than growing the potatoes. The _ must be better suited to the climate.	tomatoes	potatoes
Growing the tomatoes proved easier, than growing the potatoes. The _ must be worse suited to the climate.	tomatoes	potatoes
Tanya wants to grow dahlias in a pot so she asks her friend Katrina if she wants to join her, because _ doesn't want to do it herself.	Tanya	Katrina
Tanya wants to grow dahlias in a pot so she asks her friend Katrina if she wants to join her, so _ accepts her offer.	Tanya	Katrina
I definitely preferred the bowls to the plates because the _ could hold less food.	bowls	plates
I definitely preferred the bowls to the plates because the _ could hold more food.	bowls	plates
Eric thought the power of crystals was hokey but Logan fully believed. _ accepted the faith healers prognosis.	Eric	Logan
Eric thought the power of crystals was hokey but Logan fully believed. _ ignored the faith healers prognosis.	Eric	Logan
Mary is the boss of Megan in a tech company located in Silicon Valley. _ makes more money than the other.	Mary	Megan
Mary is the boss of Megan in a tech company located in Silicon Valley. _ makes less money than the other.	Mary	Megan
The new medications that were bought over the counter don't fit in the bottles because the _ are too small.	bottles	medications
The new medications that were bought over the counter don't fit in the bottles because the _ are too big.	bottles	medications
Julie wanted to go to the movie instead of the bowling alley because the _ was not romantic.	bowling alley	movie
Julie wanted to go to the movie instead of the bowling alley because the _ was quite romantic.	bowling alley	movie
Lindsey borrowed Kayla's mascara because ( _ ) forgot to put her mascara into her make up bag.	Lindsey	Kayla
Lindsey lent Kayla her mascara because ( _ ) forgot to put her mascara into her make up bag.	Lindsey	Kayla
While making Easter eggs, Kayla ate a bunch of the eggs while Jennifer didn't eat any. _ was full.	Kayla	Jennifer
Jill poured the entire bag of barley into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was full.	bag	pan
Jill poured the entire bag of barley into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was empty.	bag	pan
The healthy apples were discarded in favor of the fattening cupcakes, as the _ were delicious to eat.	apples	cupcakes
The healthy apples were discarded in favor of the fattening cupcakes, as the _ were gross to eat.	apples	cupcakes
The potato dish was better than the cabbage dish because the _ was seasoned better.	potato dish	cabbage dish
The potato dish was better than the cabbage dish because the _ was very bland.	potato dish	cabbage dish
I tried to kick the bags with my legs, but I couldn't because the _ were too high.	bags	legs
I tried to kick the bags with my legs, but I couldn't because the _ were too short.	bags	legs
Vincent wanted to boil water for the spaghetti in a kettle instead of a pot because he thought the _ was cleaner.	pot	kettle
Vincent wanted to boil water for the spaghetti in a kettle instead of a pot because he thought the _ was rusty.	pot	kettle
Roger liked to french fry potatoes in sunflower oil instead of canola oil because the _ oil had a stronger flavor profile.	sunflower	canola
Roger liked to french fry potatoes in sunflower oil instead of canola oil because the _ oil had a weaker flavor profile.	sunflower	canola
We put the plant into a pot instead of in the ground outside, and this was because the _ was fitting.	pot	ground
We put the plant into a pot instead of in the ground outside, and this was because the _ was unfit.	pot	ground
Lawrence found Matthew 's company to be a treat lately, as _ was usually without friends.	Lawrence	Matthew
Lawrence found Matthew 's company to be a treat lately, as _ was usually with friends.	Lawrence	Matthew
Bill poured the entire bag of cabbage into the salad bowl until the _ was empty.	bag	bowl
Bill poured the entire bag of cabbage into the salad bowl until the _ was full.	bag	bowl
We tried moving the merchandise, but the boxes would not fit into the cars since the _ were robust.	boxes	cars
We tried moving the merchandise, but the boxes would not fit into the cars since the _ were compact.	boxes	cars
Mike's goldfish likes the bowl more than the aquarium because he prefers the tininess of the _ .	bowl	aquarium
Mike's goldfish likes the bowl more than the aquarium because he dislikes the vastness of the _ .	bowl	aquarium
She hates wearing pants but loves wearing dresses, because she feels less beautiful in the _ .	pants	dresses
She hates wearing pants but loves wearing dresses, because she feels more beautiful in the _ .	pants	dresses
The store had a sale on birdseed, so Kyle picked up a big bag, although Randy was annoyed. _ considered feeding wildlife a good use of money.	Kyle	Randy
The store had a sale on birdseed, so Kyle picked up a big bag, although Randy was annoyed. _ considered feeding wildlife a big waste of money.	Kyle	Randy
Sarah could not get the jasmine to fit in the pot because the _ was too small.	pot	jasmine
Sarah could not get the jasmine to fit in the pot because the _ was too big.	pot	jasmine
The gardener wanted to store the flowers in the pots but the _ were too small.	flowers	pots
The gardener wanted to store the flowers in the pots but the _ were too large.	flowers	pots
Joseph woke up early to fill Lawrence's spot at work on Monday because _ owed him a favor.	Joseph	Lawrence
Joseph woke up early to fill Lawrence's spot at work on Monday because _ was sick that day.	Joseph	Lawrence
The pepperoni pizza didn't fit in the cardboard box because the _ was too large.	pizza	cardboard box
The pepperoni pizza didn't fit in the cardboard box because the _ was too small.	pizza	cardboard box
Barbie poured the entire bowl of hot water into the tea cup until the _ was full.	bowl	cup
Barbie poured the entire bowl of hot water into the tea cup until the _ was empty.	bowl	cup
The man tried to store the shoes inside the boxes but the _ were too small.	boxes	shoes
The man tried to store the shoes inside the boxes but the _ were too large.	boxes	shoes
Emily brought her newly single friend, Jennifer, a huge box of chocolate with a ribbon on it because _ needed to cheer up.	Emily	Jennifer
Emily brought her newly single friend, Jennifer, a huge box of chocolate with a ribbon on it because _ thought is would cheer her up.	Emily	Jennifer
Elena is a fight manager, Rebecca is a gardener therefore _ may not know how to wrap boxers' hands.	Elena	Rebecca
Elena is a fight manager, Rebecca is a gardener therefore _ knows how to wrap boxers' hands.	Elena	Rebecca
Derrick panics a lot more than Eric because _ had a lot of amazing things happen in his life.	Derrick	Eric
Derrick panics a lot more than Eric because _ had a lot of horrible things happen in his life.	Derrick	Eric
The assets were more protected by the bank than the insurance company because the _ had more money.	bank	insurance company
The assets were more protected by the bank than the insurance company because the _ had less money.	bank	insurance company
Adam was sick and tired of Jeffrey's management of the company, because _ was always being victimized.	Adam	Jeffrey
Adam was sick and tired of Jeffrey's management of the company, because _ was always being inappropriate.	Adam	Jeffrey
My French teachers method was a lot easier than my Spanish teachers technique, because the _ was practical.	method	technique
My French teachers method was a lot easier than my Spanish teachers technique, because the _ was impractical.	method	technique
When negotiating a contract, Don asked for a company car instead of window office to be included because he is in need of the _ much less.	car	office
When negotiating a contract, Don asked for a company car instead of window office to be included because he is in need of the _ much more.	car	office
Monica loved to eat potato chips but not Cynthia so _ had a very flat belly.	Monica	Cynthia
Monica loved to eat potato chips but not Cynthia so _ had a very flabby belly.	Monica	Cynthia
The growing fern was taken out of the pot and put in the garden, as the _ lacked room for it.	pot	garden
The growing fern was taken out of the pot and put in the garden, as the _ possessed room for it.	pot	garden
The cook tried to put the bagels in the cases but the _ were too large.	cases	bagels
The cook tried to put the bagels in the cases but the _ were too small.	cases	bagels
Shane poured the entire bottle of drinking alcohol down his mouth until the _ was empty.	bottle	mouth
Shane poured the entire bottle of drinking alcohol down his mouth until the _ was full.	bottle	mouth
In preparation for the meeting the company ordered labels and left out pens because the _ were accounted for.	labels	pens
In preparation for the meeting the company ordered labels and left out pens because the _ were necessary.	labels	pens
The CEO was working with a new intern, and the intern had accidentally spilled coffee on the CEOs clothing. Now the _ is empty..	clothing	coffee
Samantha was able to successfully breed and sell several pairs of lovebirds but Sarah could not, because _ was good at handling animals.	Samantha	Sarah
Samantha was able to successfully breed and sell several pairs of lovebirds but Sarah could not, because _ was unskilled at handling animals.	Samantha	Sarah
At school on Monday, Adam put the book in his backpack instead of the locker because the _ was too full.	locker	backpack
Maria was full of all sorts of creative ideas that Rebecca didn't like, so _ had a more positive sense of creation.	Maria	Rebecca
Maria was full of all sorts of creative ideas that Rebecca didn't like, so _ had a more critical sense of creation.	Maria	Rebecca
Justin boasted to Aaron that he was going to play hockey without wearing an athletic cup.  _ was cocky.	Justin	Aaron
Justin boasted to Aaron that he was going to play hockey without wearing an athletic cup.  _ was dumbfounded.	Justin	Aaron
The sales clerk tried to put the decorative plate in the box but it wouldn't fit; the _ was too large.	plate	box
The sales clerk tried to put the decorative plate in the box but it wouldn't fit; the _ was too small.	plate	box
When we dissolved our partnership, Bill took my stapler and my garbage bin; the joke's on him because the _ was full when he took it.	stapler	bin
When we dissolved our partnership, Bill took my stapler and my garbage bin; the joke's on him because the _ was empty when he took it.	stapler	bin
Adam had more Japanese friends than Indian friends because he spent more years in the _ cities while growing up.	Japanese	Indian
Adam had more Japanese friends than Indian friends because he spent less years in the _ cities while growing up.	Japanese	Indian
Eric made a huge investment into the new company but Steven didn't because _ was poor.	Eric	Steven
Eric made a huge investment into the new company but Steven didn't because _ was rich.	Eric	Steven
The company that I work for today is better than the job I worked last year, because the _ has many benefits.	company	job
The company that I work for today is better than the job I worked last year, because the _ had few benefits.	company	job
The gardener wanted to throw the excess vines in the bags but the _ were too large.	bags	vines
The gardener wanted to throw the excess vines in the bags but the _ were too small.	bags	vines
Steven ate all the squash before William could get any, so _ had an empty belly that night.	Steven	William
Steven ate all the squash before William could get any, so _ had a full belly that night.	Steven	William
The gardener poured gasoline from the container into the lawnmower's gas tank until the _ was empty.	tank	container
The gardener poured gasoline from the container into the lawnmower's gas tank until the _ was full.	tank	container
It was a sunny day and Jan was at the pool. She had to put on lotion instead of sunscreen because the _ was in her bag.	lotion	sunscreen
She had to strip off the clothes because her pants had poison ivy on it, but the shoes were fine, so the _ were soon washed.	pants	shoes
She had to strip off the clothes because her pants had poison ivy on it, but the shoes were fine, so the _ were soon put back on.	pants	shoes
She picked many juicy plums and poured all the plums from the box into the jar until the _ was empty.	box	jar
She picked many juicy plums and poured all the plums from the box into the jar until the _ was full.	box	jar
Rachel did not tell Katrina why she buried the box in the soil because _ was being nosy.	Rachel	Katrina
Rachel did not tell Katrina why she buried the box in the soil because _ was being secretive.	Rachel	Katrina
He put the dollar bill in the drawer instead of his pocket, because the _ was the least expected hiding spot.	drawer	pocket
He put the dollar bill in the drawer instead of his pocket, because the _ was the most expected hiding spot.	drawer	pocket
Tiffany's back could bend in a full range of motion but her knee could not. The _ was less flexible.	back	knee
Tiffany's back could bend in a full range of motion but her knee could not. The _ was more flexible.	back	knee
Nick thinks that a guinea pig is a good pet but Hunter doesn't. _ went to the pet store and bought a potbelly pig.	Nick	Hunter
Natalie never checks the air in the tires while Tanya does and you just knew _ would have full tires.	Natalie	Tanya
Blood was collected in bags and transferred to jars in the truck, as the _ were more difficult to transport.	bags	jars
Blood was collected in bags and transferred to jars in the truck, as the _ were more easy to transport.	bags	jars
Joseph went to the shed and poured the water from the bucket into the cart until the _ was full.	bucket	cart
Joseph went to the shed and poured the water from the bucket into the cart until the _ was empty.	bucket	cart
Jennifer took food from the bag and put it in the pantry until the _ was empty.	pantry	bag
Jennifer took food from the bag and put it in the pantry until the _ was full.	pantry	bag
Cynthia made a 4 batches of cupcakes and asked Sarah to help with the decorating them because _ never decorated cupcakes before.	Cynthia	Sarah
Cynthia made a 4 batches of cupcakes and asked Sarah to help with the decorating them because _ frequently decorated cupcakes before.	Cynthia	Sarah
Jessica started growing roses in a container and asked if Katrina wants to join her, because _ needed company.	Jessica	Katrina
Kyle enjoyed his caffeine in the morning while Lawrence couldn't handle it so _ had a large cup of coffee every morning.	Kyle	Lawrence
Kyle enjoyed his caffeine in the morning while Lawrence couldn't handle it so _ had a large cup of water every morning.	Kyle	Lawrence
The cupcakes that my mom made could not fit on the shelves, because the _ were too many.	shelves	cupcakes
The cupcakes that my mom made could not fit on the shelves, because the _ were too few.	shelves	cupcakes
The cactus poked William when Justin pushed them into it, so _ was full of holes.	William	Justin
The cactus poked William when Justin pushed them into it, so _ was full of guilt.	William	Justin
The musician liked hearing audio from the speakers instead of the headphones, because the _ gave a full sound.	speakers	headphones
Chris wore the leotard under the pants because the _ fit more loosely against the curves of her legs.	leotard	pants
Chris wore the leotard under the pants because the _ fit more tightly against the curves of her legs.	leotard	pants
He shoveled manure from the cage and put it in the wheelbarrow until the _ was full.	cage	wheelbarrow
He shoveled manure from the cage and put it in the wheelbarrow until the _ was empty.	cage	wheelbarrow
Maria assisted new employee Megan, because _ was the safety manager for the central company storage warehouse.	Maria	Megan
Maria assisted new employee Megan, because _ needed safety equipment from the central company storage warehouse.	Maria	Megan
Christine played spin the bottle and had to kiss Betty after their turn, because _ was the the one who spun the bottle.	Christine	Betty
Christine played spin the bottle and had to kiss Betty after their turn, because _ was the the one who got picked by the bottle.	Christine	Betty
Before leaving on the trip, Jennifer asked if she could borrow a bag from Kayla, because _ had an extra one.	Jennifer	Kayla
Before leaving on the trip, Jennifer asked if she could borrow a bag from Kayla, because _ needed an extra one.	Jennifer	Kayla
There were more flies around the garbage than near the flowers because the _ smelled good.	flowers	garbage
There were more flies around the garbage than near the flowers because the _ smelled rotten.	flowers	garbage
I could not find any lillies to put in my gardens because the _ were very full already.	lillies	gardens
Donald made a huge bowl filled with rainbow popcorn for Joseph, because _ loves eating popcorn.	Donald	Joseph
Donald made a huge bowl filled with rainbow popcorn for Joseph, because _ loves making others happy.	Donald	Joseph
The worker tried to store the tool in the box but the _ was too large.	tool	box
The worker tried to store the tool in the box but the _ was too small.	tool	box
James was trying to fit the box in a space of the platform but he could not because the _ is large.	box	space
James was trying to fit the box in a space of the platform but he could not because the _ is small.	box	space
James found out some particles when cooking water in the pot but did not find any when cooking oil. The _ is contaminated.	water	oil
James found out some particles when cooking water in the pot but did not find any when cooking oil. The _ is clean.	water	oil
Preparing to clean his gun, Shelby checked the chamber for a bullet and found the _ to be empty, so he proceeded.	bullet	chamber
Brett gleefully told Adam that he had just gotten his confidence back.  _ was relieved for him.	Brett	Adam
Brett gleefully told Adam that he had just gotten his confidence back.  _ was well.	Brett	Adam
Megan always saved more money shopping than Patricia did, since _ could never spot a great deal .	Megan	Patricia
Megan always saved more money shopping than Patricia did, since _ could always spot a great deal .	Megan	Patricia
Amy thinks dates are a sweet tasty treat but Laura does not. _ bought a big bag of dates from the grocery store.	Amy	Laura
Amy thinks dates are a sweet tasty treat but Laura does not. _ bought a big bag of chips from the grocery store.	Amy	Laura
The workers moved their vehicles from the outdoor parking lot into the covered garage until the _ was empty.	garage	lot
The workers moved their vehicles from the outdoor parking lot into the covered garage until the _ was full.	garage	lot
Bill emptied the bowl of cut chicken into the hot pan until the _ was empty.	bowl	pan
Bill emptied the bowl of cut chicken into the hot pan until the _ was full.	bowl	pan
Gary decided to ignore the pain and lift the weight a few more times before getting his water bottle, but the _ was tempting to him.	bottle	weight
Gary decided to ignore the pain and lift the weight a few more times before getting his water bottle, because the _ was a challenge to him.	bottle	weight
Elena made a better wife than Mary did because _ was a trustworthy companion to her husband.	Elena	Mary
The chef added water to the mixture from the cup until the _ was smooth.	mixture	cup
The chef added water to the mixture from the cup until the _ was empty.	mixture	cup
My wife couldn't fit all of the money in her purse because the _ was already full.	purse	money
I tried to transfer the alcohol to the bottle, but it didn't fit because the _ was too little.	alcohol	bottle
I tried to transfer the alcohol to the bottle, but it didn't fit because the _ was too much.	alcohol	bottle
The pancakes were sticking to the skillet, so she switched to a saucepan. The _ had a rougher cooking surface.	skillet	saucepan
The pancakes were sticking to the skillet, so she switched to a saucepan. The _ had a smoother cooking surface.	skillet	saucepan
James washed his hand inside the big bowl after eating and got the _ dirty.	bowl	hand
James washed his hand inside the big bowl after eating and got the _ clean.	bowl	hand
Spanish is the native language of Lawrence but not Michael, because _ grew up in an Asian community.	Lawrence	Michael
Spanish is the native language of Lawrence but not Michael, because _ grew up in a Hispanic community.	Lawrence	Michael
The woman took a duffle bag on her short flight instead of a suitcase because the _ was more convenient.	duffle bag	suitcase
The woman took a duffle bag on her short flight instead of a suitcase because the _ was inconvenient.	duffle bag	suitcase
The goldfish were finally removed from the bag and transferred into the tank, as the _ was a permanent home for them.	bag	tank
The goldfish were finally removed from the bag and transferred into the tank, as the _ was a temporary home for them.	bag	tank
William helped the stranger lift the box instead of Jason because _ is a lot weaker than stronger.	William	Jason
William helped the stranger lift the box instead of Jason because _ is a lot stronger than weaker.	William	Jason
Maria agreed to potty train the child since Amy wouldn't. _ was terrible at teaching children.	Maria	Amy
Maria agreed to potty train the child since Amy wouldn't. _ was good at teaching children.	Maria	Amy
The cool breeze tipped over the umbrella but not the cup since the _ was loose.	umbrella	cup
The cool breeze tipped over the umbrella but not the cup since the _ was secured.	umbrella	cup
The movers took furniture off of the truck and into the apartment until the _ was completely empty.	truck	apartment
The movers took furniture off of the truck and into the apartment until the _ was completely full.	truck	apartment
The teacher told the students to pour the flour from the container into the bowl until the _ was full.	container	bowl
The teacher told the students to pour the flour from the container into the bowl until the _ was empty.	container	bowl
Patricia was considering Erin for a management position because _ was a harder worker at the company.	Patricia	Erin
Patricia was considering Erin for a management position but _ was a harder worker at the company.	Patricia	Erin
Conversing in French came easier to Carrie than Amy because _ took Spanish lessons in college.	Carrie	Amy
The spots were still visible on the shirt but not on the pants, since the _ had been cleaned .	shirt	pants
The spots were still visible on the shirt but not on the pants, since the _ had been dirtied .	shirt	pants
Logan wanted to work at Michael's company, because _ had told them the job would pay well.	Logan	Michael
Logan wanted to work at Michael's company, because _ heard from them the job would pay well.	Logan	Michael
Samantha was allergic to peanuts and Monica was not so _ could eat the peanut butter cup grandma gave them.	Samantha	Monica
Samantha was allergic to peanuts and Monica was not so _ could not eat the peanut butter cup grandma gave them..	Samantha	Monica
Victoria was going produce shopping and ask Jennifer to accompany her because _ knew nothing about collard greens.	Victoria	Jennifer
Victoria was going produce shopping and ask Jennifer to accompany her because _ knew something about collard greens.	Victoria	Jennifer
He went overboard when presenting the designer handbag gift but was more nonchalant about the ring because the _ was unwanted.	ring	handbag
He went overboard when presenting the designer handbag gift but was more nonchalant about the ring because the _ was desired.	ring	handbag
Joseph worked very purposefully on their homework assignment but Ryan worked very casually. _ was rewarded with an outstanding grade.	Joseph	Ryan
Joseph worked very purposefully on their homework assignment but Ryan worked very casually. _ was rewarded with an inferior grade.	Joseph	Ryan
Jill poured the brownie mix from the cup into the pan until the _ was empty.	pan	cup
Jill poured the brownie mix from the cup into the pan until the _ was full.	pan	cup
Christopher has a lot less experience in the situation than Randy because _ is a worker at the company.	Christopher	Randy
The athlete tried to store the weight in the box but the _ was too small.	box	weight
The athlete tried to store the weight in the box but the _ was too large.	box	weight
I slowly added the peas from the bag into the pot until the _ was out.	bag	pot
I slowly added the peas from the bag into the pot until the _ was full.	bag	pot
Brett emptied his bowl of cereal before Jason because _ eats his meals very fast.	Brett	Jason
Brett emptied his bowl of cereal before Jason because _ eats his meals very slow.	Brett	Jason
Tanya had a bad case of diarrhea but Katrina did not. _ soiled the pants they were wearing.	Tanya	Katrina
Tanya had a bad case of diarrhea but Katrina did not. _ didn't soil the pants they were wearing.	Tanya	Katrina
James tried to empty the drink from the bottle to the cup but the cup got full very quick. The _ is big.	cup	bottle
James tried to empty the drink from the bottle to the cup but the cup got full very quick. The _ is small.	cup	bottle
John passed the food served for him to another man and ordered for just a cup of tea. The _ is tasty.	food	tea
John passed the food served for him to another man and ordered for just a cup of tea. The _ is tasteless.	food	tea
We couldn't get the box through the clearance in time since the _ was tall.	box	clearance
We couldn't get the box through the clearance in time since the _ was short.	box	clearance
The squire was intent on poisoning the king with the wine and not the water because the _ was full of poison.	wine	water
The company had to hire more youths than the elderly. The _ were hardworking.	youths	elderly
The company had to hire more youths than the elderly. The _ were lazy.	youths	elderly
Steven wanted a cupcake for their birthday so they talked Logan into making some because _ forgot how.	Steven	Logan
Steven wanted a cupcake for their birthday so they talked Logan into making some but _ forgot how.	Steven	Logan
If they had to sit in an exam Katrina would do better than Christine because _ would be very panicked.	Katrina	Christine
The toy could not be be put away in the toy box because the _ was too big.	toy box	toy
The toy could not be be put away in the toy box because the _ was too small.	toy box	toy
Nora was boiling some pasta in a pot of water for dinner and made a mess. The _ she put it in was too low.	water	pot
Nora was boiling some pasta in a pot of water for dinner and made a mess. The _ she put in it was too high.	water	pot
The kitty didn't fit into the litter box that we bought for her because the _ is too big.	box	kitty
The kitty didn't fit into the litter box that we bought for her because the _ is too small.	box	kitty
The volunteer told us to steer clear of the company and help the club if we wanted to make a difference.  The _ was considered honest.	company	club
The volunteer told us to steer clear of the company and help the club if we wanted to make a difference.  The _ was considered unethical.	company	club
Eddy poured the entire bowl of catfish into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was dense.	bowl	pan
Eddy poured the entire bowl of catfish into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was sparse.	bowl	pan
There were many legal issues at the company but not at the town, as the _ engaged in shady dealings.	company	town
There were many legal issues at the company but not at the town, as the _ engaged in honest dealings.	company	town
Kim poured the entire bowl of chicken into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was empty.	pan	bowl
Kim poured the entire bowl of chicken into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was full.	pan	bowl
Bob preferred to read his full credit report instead of just the summary since the _ was exhaustive with details.	report	summary
Bob preferred to read his full credit report instead of just the summary since the _ was meager with details.	report	summary
Kevin had a head full of hair, but Steven was going bald, so _ was thankful for the thick locks.	Kevin	Steven
Kevin had a head full of hair, but Steven was going bald, so _ was jealous of the thick locks.	Kevin	Steven
Mary had used a tote bag more than a backpack even though the _ is roomier.	tote bag	backpack
Mary had used a tote bag more than a backpack even though the _ is tinier.	tote bag	backpack
John sealed the vegetables in a plastic bag but left the fruits on the table. That is why the _ are fresh.	vegetables	fruits
John sealed the vegetables in a plastic bag but left the fruits on the table. That is why the _ are rotten.	vegetables	fruits
I poured the heavy cream from the bowl into the jar until the _ was full.	bowl	jar
I poured the heavy cream from the bowl into the jar until the _ was empty.	bowl	jar
Michael had a clean aquarium full of fish that Brett wanted for himself, but _ never kept his tank as clean to keep his fish healthy and alive.	Michael	Brett
Michael didn't have a clean aquarium full of fish that Brett would want for himself, because _ never kept his tank as clean to keep his fish healthy and alive.	Michael	Brett
Sally continued to pour the water into the from the pot to the tank until the _ was empty.	tank	pot
Sally continued to pour the water into the from the pot to the tank until the _ was full.	tank	pot
Carrie's scalp was dry and full of dandruff, while Victoria's was very healthy.  _ used high quality shampoo.	Carrie	Victoria
Carrie's scalp was dry and full of dandruff, while Victoria's was very healthy.  _ needed better quality shampoo.	Carrie	Victoria
Neil found that their head was always full of thoughts but Justin's was not as  _ was very imaginative.	Neil	Justin
Neil found that their head was always full of thoughts but Justin's was not as  _ was very dull.	Neil	Justin
It's OK to put pantyhose on your leg, but not OK on your head, since putting it on the _ is not associated with criminality.	leg	head
It's OK to put pantyhose on your leg, but not OK on your head, since putting it on the _ is analogous with criminality.	leg	head
I accidentally poured all of my cinnamon oil from the flask into the bowl, so now the _ is empty of oil.	bowl	flask
I accidentally poured all of my cinnamon oil from the flask into the bowl, so now the _ is full of oil.	bowl	flask
Felicia was going on a trip to Japan and asked Elena how to fit in because _ had never traveled to Japan.	Felicia	Elena
Felicia was going on a trip to Japan and asked Elena how to fit in because _ had previously traveled to Japan.	Felicia	Elena
John cleaned the table with his bare hand and washed it in a bowl of water. Now the _ is clean.	table	water
John cleaned the table with his bare hand and washed it in a bowl of water. Now the _ is dirty.	table	water
Rowan took pigs from the farm's field into the barn until the _ was full.	field	barn
Rowan took pigs from the farm's field into the barn until the _ was empty.	field	barn
Mary followed mother's advice and cleaned her nonstick pan with a microfiber cloth instead of a scouring pad because the _ is abrasive.	microfiber cloth	scouring pad
Mary followed mother's advice and cleaned her nonstick pan with a microfiber cloth instead of a scouring pad because the _ is gentle.	microfiber cloth	scouring pad
Wool was used to make sweaters but not pants, as the _ were a poor garment for this material.	sweaters	pants
Wool was used to make sweaters but not pants, as the _ were a good garment for this material.	sweaters	pants
The man moved money from the safe into the wallet until the _ was empty.	safe	wallet
The man moved money from the safe into the wallet until the _ was full.	safe	wallet
Gina spilt wine on her skinny pants, they were permanently stained, and decided to wear chinos for leggings. She threw away the _ because they were stained.	skinny pants	chinos
Gina spilt wine on her skinny pants, they were permanently stained, and decided to wear chinos for leggings. She put on the _ because they were clean.	skinny pants	chinos
The shorts suited her but she decided to wear pants, because it's cold and the _ will keep her legs warm.	shorts	pants
The shorts suited her but she decided to wear pants, because it's cold and the _ will keep her legs cold.	shorts	pants
He packed his belongings in a suitcase instead of a box because the _ was sturdier.	suitcase	box
He packed his belongings in a suitcase instead of a box because the _ was flimsier.	suitcase	box
Sally needed to get a new pot to plant her ficus tree, because the _ was growing fast.	pot	tree
Sally needed to get a new pot to plant her ficus tree, because the _ was too small.	pot	tree
At the restaurant, Adam decided to order the salad instead of the hamburger because the _ would make him too full.	hamburger	salad
The catering company served the stew but threw the salad away because the _ was rotten.	salad	stew
The catering company served the stew but threw the salad away because the _ was fresh.	salad	stew
During Alison's pregnancy she had strong cravings for cookies but didn't like pancakes because the _ were bland.	cookies	pancakes
During Alison's pregnancy she had strong cravings for cookies but didn't like pancakes because the _ were her favorite.	cookies	pancakes
The pill made Griffin much more sleepy at bedtime than the tea, because the _ was potent.	pill	tea
The food will not fit in the roasting pan because the _ is too small.	roasting pan	food
The food will not fit in the roasting pan because the _ is too large.	roasting pan	food
Tanya followed carefully as Rebecca taught them the fundamentals of reading, because _ was a dedicated teacher.	Tanya	Rebecca
Tanya followed carefully as Rebecca taught them the fundamentals of reading, because _ was a dedicated student.	Tanya	Rebecca
People disliked the boxing training at the gym when compared to the cycling. The _ classes were simpler.	boxing	cycling
People disliked the boxing training at the gym when compared to the cycling. The _ classes were complex.	boxing	cycling
The man put the clothes from the baskets into the machines until the _ were empty.	machines	baskets
The man put the clothes from the baskets into the machines until the _ were full.	machines	baskets
My mom couldn't fit all of her medication in her purse, because the _ was in large bottles.	medication	purse
During the date, Mason used the wine bottle to fill the glass cup until the _ was filled.	bottle	cup
During the date, Mason used the wine bottle to fill the glass cup until the _ was empty.	bottle	cup
The company hired so many employees that half the town ended up working there. The _ was huge.	Company	Town
The company hired so many employees that half the town ended up working there. The _ was tiny.	Company	Town
Through the year retail companies were making many profits on dishes and not glasses because the _ were in demand.	dishes	glasses
Through the year retail companies were making many profits on dishes and not glasses because the _ were not needed.	dishes	glasses
Tim went to the store for potatoes but got sweet potatoes instead because the _ looked better.	potatoes	sweet potatoes
Tim went to the store for potatoes but got sweet potatoes instead because the _ looked worse.	potatoes	sweet potatoes
Bob poured the entire bottle of oil into his car engine until the _ was full.	bottle	engine
Bob poured the entire bottle of oil into his car engine until the _ was empty.	bottle	engine
I bought a new car but it didn't fit into our garage because the _ was too full.	garage	car
William wanted Dennis to begin smoking so _ purchased a box of cigarettes with nicotine for himself at the grocery store.	William	Dennis
William wanted Dennis to stop smoking so _ purchased a box of nicotine patches for him at the grocery store.	William	Dennis
The librarian took the books off of the cart and put them on the shelf until the _ was full.	cart	shelf
The librarian took the books off of the cart and put them on the shelf until the _ was empty.	cart	shelf
The restaurant used multiple cups, but only a single style for plates, for serving, so the _ had less variety.	plates	cups
The restaurant used multiple cups, but only a single style for plates, for serving, so the _ had more variety.	plates	cups
We ate our cereal out of cups instead of bowls because the _ failed in holding the milk.	cups	bowls
We ate our cereal out of cups instead of bowls because the _ succeeded in holding the milk.	cups	bowls
Jason asked Benjamin to stir the boiling noodles because _ was further away from the pot.	Jason	Benjamin
Jason asked Benjamin to stir the boiling noodles because _ was closer to the pot.	Jason	Benjamin
Christopher wasn't able to use the company computer like Randy because _ had no access to it.	Christopher	Randy
Christopher wasn't able to use the company computer like Randy because _ had complete access to it.	Christopher	Randy
Victoria gets a bottle of formula for Patricia every couple of hours because _ is her parent.	Victoria	Patricia
Victoria gets a bottle of formula for Patricia every couple of hours because _ is her child.	Victoria	Patricia
Sine she was concerned about the environment, the woman packed her lunch in a container instead of a bag, because the _ could only be used once.	container	bag
Sine she was concerned about the environment, the woman packed her lunch in a container instead of a bag, because the _ could be used many times.	container	bag
Nick was training Nelson on how to be a professional bowler, and soon _ was able to become better.	Nick	Nelson
Nick was training Nelson on how to be a professional bowler, and soon _ was able to make them better.	Nick	Nelson
Amy didn't like to wear as much makeup as Maria, so _ got a full make over.	Amy	Maria
The fresh fruits were moved from the bag to the bowl, making the _ heavier.	bag	bowl
The fresh fruits were moved from the bag to the bowl, making the _ lighter.	bag	bowl
Jennifer likes eating french fries but Tanya likes eating mashed potatoes because _ likes soft foods.	Jennifer	Tanya
Jennifer likes eating french fries but Tanya likes eating mashed potatoes because _ likes crispy foods.	Jennifer	Tanya
The salary man was able to lease the car from the company but not the truck because the _ was in stock.	car	truck
The salary man was able to lease the car from the company but not the truck because the _ was sold out.	car	truck
James was considering how many bottles to carry with him, so he decided to get new bags that carried it all. The _ are big enough.	bags	bottles
James was considering how many bottles to carry with him, so he decided to get new bags that carried it all. The _ are small enough.	bags	bottles
The kitten's bowl wouldn't fit in the box at all because the _ was too tiny.	bowl	box
The kitten's bowl wouldn't fit in the box at all because the _ was too enormous.	bowl	box
The pills did not get wet when dropped in a cup of water unlike the bud. The _ is waterproof.	pill	bud
The pills did not get wet when dropped in a cup of water unlike the bud. The _ is absorbent.	pill	bud
Gina spilt wine on her bush pants, they were permanently stained, and decided to wear chinos for leggings. She threw away the _ because they were stained.	bush pants	chinos
Gina spilt wine on her bush pants, they were permanently stained, and decided to wear chinos for leggings. She put on the _ because they were clean.	bush pants	chinos
I usually choose to wear my wide leg pants instead of my skinny pants since the _ are so comfortable.	wide leg pants	skinny pants
I usually choose to wear my wide leg pants instead of my skinny pants since the _ are not comfortable.	wide leg pants	skinny pants
Jane was late for a court case at 4:30 so she rode the subway thankfully the _ was delayed.	subway	case
Jane was late for a court case at 4:30 so she rode the subway thankfully the _ was fast.	subway	case
While at the mall, Tanya bought new handbags while Christine did not because _ had saved her money to treat herself to some new bags.	Tanya	Christine
While at the mall, Tanya bought new handbags while Christine did not because _ had spent all her money and could not treat herself to some new bags.	Tanya	Christine
The nest in the backyard of Laura had many chicks, unlike that of Emily, therefore _ 's nest was full.	Laura	Emily
The nest in the backyard of Laura had many chicks, unlike that of Emily, therefore _ 's nest was empty.	Laura	Emily
Barry removed pepperoni pizza slices from the warm cardboard box and put them on the flimsy paper plate until the _ was completely bare.	box	plate
Barry removed pepperoni pizza slices from the warm cardboard box and put them on the flimsy paper plate until the _ was completely overflowing.	box	plate
Maria caught Jennifer lying to their face about money issues, and _ called them out on it on the spot.	Maria	Jennifer
Maria caught Jennifer lying to their face about money issues, and _ was called out on it on the spot.	Maria	Jennifer
James sold wine that was made with a new type of grape and bottle, but the _ was spoiled.	grape	bottle
James sold wine that was made with a new type of grape and bottle, but the _ brittle.	grape	bottle
The woman left her mat at home but brought her water bottle to yoga class because the _ was unnecessary.	mat	water bottle
The woman left her mat at home but brought her water bottle to yoga class because the _ was needed.	mat	water bottle
During recess, Mary would play in the sandbox with their friends unlike Maria because _ asocial.	Mary	Maria
During recess, Mary would play in the sandbox with their friends unlike Maria because _ social.	Mary	Maria
The team at the company had to be restructured completely for the next month because the _ was lazy.	team	company
The team at the company had to be restructured completely for the next month because the _ was focused.	team	company
Marco watched his diet carefully so he decided to choose an apple over candy for a snack because the _ was healthier.	apple	candy
Marco watched his diet carefully so he decided to choose an apple over candy for a snack because the _ was junkier.	apple	candy
We were fuller after eating the hamburger patty than after the ham sandwich because the _ was bigger.	hamburger patty	ham sandwich
We were fuller after eating the hamburger patty than after the ham sandwich because the _ was smaller.	hamburger patty	ham sandwich
After preparing the formula the chemist poured it from the bottle and into the container because the _ was temporary.	bottle	container
After preparing the formula the chemist poured it from the bottle and into the container because the _ was more safe.	bottle	container
Erin offered to help Victoria to overcome shyness because _ had never been painfully shy.	Erin	Victoria
Erin offered to help Victoria to overcome shyness because _ had always been painfully shy.	Erin	Victoria
At the tea shop Kyle made a cup of yerba mate for Dennis after _ received the money.	Kyle	Dennis
At the tea shop Kyle made a cup of yerba mate for Dennis after _ gave the money.	Kyle	Dennis
Because Lindsey wanted to make a mess and Victoria did not, _ cracked her eggs and opened them over the bowl.	Lindsey	Victoria
The _ bottle held more liquid than the small bottle because the large bottle had a greater volume.	large	small
The large bottle held more liquid than the small bottle because the _ bottle had a lesser volume.	large	small
The new mother wanted to store her fresh vegetables in the boxes but the _ were too big.	vegetables	boxes
The new mother wanted to store her fresh vegetables in the boxes but the _ were too small.	vegetables	boxes
The home gardener wanted to put the plant in their new pot but the _ was too short.	plant	pot
The home gardener wanted to put the plant in their new pot but the _ was too tall.	plant	pot
Samuel turned down the option of sliced bread and had a bagel instead whereas Brian did not. This is because _ hated bagels.	Samuel	Brian
Samuel turned down the option of sliced bread and had a bagel instead whereas Brian did not. This is because _ loved bagels.	Samuel	Brian
I prefer the new space right next to my house than the old spot downtown because the _ is far.	space	spot
I prefer the new space right next to my house than the old spot downtown because the _ is near.	space	spot
After the restaurants closed, everyone moved from the restaurants to the bar, so the _ became empty.	bar	restaurants
they bought cups and left the fragile glasses on the shelf even though they needed both because the _ strong.	glass	cups
they bought cups and left the fragile glasses on the shelf even though they needed both because the _ fragile.	glass	cups
Beth made a double recipe of the cake, she poured the batter from the bowl to the pan until the _ was full.	pan	bowl
Beth made a double recipe of the cake, she poured the batter from the bowl to the pan until the _ was empty.	pan	bowl
For the party, Gabe bought the beer in bottles instead of in cans because the _ held less.	cans	bottles
For the party, Gabe bought the beer in bottles instead of in cans because the _ held more.	cans	bottles
At the tea party, I poured all the tea from the kettle into the tea cup until the _ was empty.	kettle	tea cup
At the tea party, I poured all the tea from the kettle into the tea cup until the _ was full.	kettle	tea cup
The woman tried to store the bottle in the cabinet but the _ was too large.	bottle	cabinet
The woman tried to store the bottle in the cabinet but the _ was too small.	bottle	cabinet
Katrina called Carrie in a panic when the earthquake started, because _ was easily rattled.	Katrina	Carrie
Katrina called Carrie in a panic when the earthquake started, because _ was always calm.	Katrina	Carrie
Jeb poured the water from the tank into a bowl until the _ was emptied out.	tank	bowl
Jeb poured the water from the tank into a bowl until the _ was filled up.	tank	bowl
Elena was full of anxiety when talking with Cynthia, thanks to _ having a tendency to fight when in public.	Elena	Cynthia
Elena was full of anxiety when talking with Cynthia, thanks to _ having a tendency to panic when in public.	Elena	Cynthia
William had to take a break from his girlfriend not like Adam because _ was enjoying her company all the time.	William	Adam
Rebecca was notified by the company that Monica had no ambition while working on the project so _ sat them down to talk about it.	Rebecca	Monica
Rebecca was notified by the company the Monica had no ambition in while working on the project but _ would not sit down to talk about it.	Rebecca	Monica
The woman wanted to store her boots in the boxes but the _ were too large.	boxes	boots
The woman wanted to store her boots in the boxes but the _ were too small.	boxes	boots
Craig but not Nick was really tired because _ had a long hard day at work for the cement company.	Craig	Nick
Craig but not Nick was really tired because _ did not have a long hard day at work for the cement company.	Craig	Nick
While walking on the pavement james slipped and the cup in his hand fell down and broke. The _ is hard.	cup	pavement
While walking on the pavement james slipped and the cup in his hand fell down and broke. The _ is weak.	cup	pavement
He wanted his sensitive skin cleaner so he added a toner to his regimen instead of a spot creme since the _ is harsh.	creme	toner
He wanted his sensitive skin cleaner so he added a toner to his regimen instead of a spot creme since the _ is mild.	creme	toner
Neil poured the entire box of pasta into the steaming pan on the stove until the _ was empty.	box	pan
Neil poured the entire box of pasta into the steaming pan on the stove until the _ was full.	box	pan
Laura was a better writer than Betty, so _ was chosen to write the blog for the company.	Laura	Betty
Laura was a less experienced writer than Betty, so _ was chosen to write the blog for the company.	Laura	Betty
I needed a glass for my drink but the pint glass was in the sink and the shot glass was in the cupboard.  The _ was clean.	pint glass	shot glass
I needed a glass for my drink but the pint glass was in the sink and the shot glass was in the cupboard.  The _ was dirty.	pint glass	shot glass
Jessica was in a position of power over Rachel in the company, so _ was obliged to follow orders.	Jessica	Rachel
Jessica was in a position of power over Rachel in the company, so _ was allowed to give orders.	Jessica	Rachel
Joseph likes a potato with their steak but Donald prefers rice so _ ordered a baked potato with their meal.	Joseph	Donald
Joseph likes a potato with their steak but Donald prefers rice so _ ordered rice pilaf with their meal.	Joseph	Donald
The new belts brought by james cannot hold the two boxes together because the _ are large.	boxes	belts
The new belts brought by james cannot hold the two boxes together because the _ are short.	boxes	belts
Samantha bought a new pair of dentures, but Mary had a full set of teeth, so _ needed to clean their dentures that night.	Samantha	Mary
Samantha bought a new pair of dentures, but Mary had a full set of teeth, so _ needed to brush their teeth that night.	Samantha	Mary
Packing for the shipment, the employee used the cheaper tape but more expensive box because the _ was good enough.	tape	box
Packing for the shipment, the employee used the cheaper tape but more expensive box because the _ was essential.	tape	box
She liked the style of the shoes far more than the pants, because the _ looked classy.	pants	shoes
She liked the style of the shoes far more than the pants, because the _ looked gaudy.	pants	shoes
Tom piled all the discarded shoes from the bag into a box until the _ was empty.	bag	box
Tom piled all the discarded shoes from the bag into a box until the _ was full.	bag	box
I transferred my new photos from the memory card into the hard drive until the _ was empty.	memory card	hard drive
I transferred my new photos from the memory card into the hard drive until the _ was full.	memory card	hard drive
Pat transferred all the potato from the bag into the bowl until the _ was full.	bowl	bag
Pat transferred all the potato from the bag into the bowl until the _ was empty.	bowl	bag
The fashion model kept the new gloves but threw out the pants because the _ were out of style.	gloves	pants
The fashion model kept the new gloves but threw out the pants because the _ were more stylish.	gloves	pants
To water the plant, the gardener poured water from the watering pot into the vase until the _ was empty.	vase	watering pot
To water the plant, the gardener poured water from the watering pot into the vase until the _ was filled.	vase	watering pot
Eric poured the entire bag of rice into the boiling pot on the stove until the _ was full.	bag	pot
Eric poured the entire bag of rice into the boiling pot on the stove until the _ was empty.	bag	pot
Jessica was better at fasting than Emily was because _ was always full through the day.	Jessica	Emily
The eggs smelled much worse than the potatoes because the _ were several days rotten.	eggs	potatoes
The eggs smelled much better than the potatoes because the _ were several days rotten.	eggs	potatoes
The doctor operated on the pancreas but not the liver because the _ was healthy.	pancreas	liver
The doctor operated on the pancreas but not the liver because the _ was cancerous.	pancreas	liver
Jill wanted to use less plastic by switching to paper or canvas grocery bags.  She went with the _ because they could be recycled easily.	paper	canvas
Jill wanted to use less plastic by switching to paper or canvas grocery bags.  She went with the _ because they could be reused longer.	paper	canvas
James picked the item in the car and moved it to a box and then the _ was full.	box	car
James picked the item in the car and moved it to a box and then the _ was empty.	box	car
Jen used notecards and a study group to try to learn Spanish, and she found studying with the _ was more lonely.	notecards	study group
Jen used notecards and a study group to try to learn Spanish, and she found studying with the _ was more social.	notecards	study group
Erin got a very big Christmas bonus this year unlike Cynthia because _ worked for a great company.	Erin	Cynthia
Erin got a very big Christmas bonus this year unlike Cynthia because _ worked for a horrible company.	Erin	Cynthia
Robert put ice cubes in the punch bowl, which made Brian mad. _ asked for new punch.	Robert	Brian
Robert put ice cubes in the punch bowl, which made Brian mad. _ made new punch for him.	Robert	Brian
The man wanted to store the pot inside the cabinet but the _ was too large.	cabinet	pot
The man wanted to store the pot inside the cabinet but the _ was too small.	cabinet	pot
The whole feed from the box cannot be emptied into the bowl because the _ is too big.	bowl	box
The whole feed from the box cannot be emptied into the bowl because the _ is too small.	bowl	box
I think it's easier to learn Spanish than Chinese because the _ at least uses the same alphabet.	Spanish	Chinese
I think it's easier to learn Spanish than Chinese because the _ doesn't even use the same alphabet.	Spanish	Chinese
When it came to learning English, Emily had no problem, but Rachel had a hard time, because _ was born and raised speaking Spanish.	Emily	Rachel
Susan made a clay pot but didn't keep it in her home because the _ was too small.	clay pot	home
Susan made a clay pot but didn't keep it in her home because the _ was too big.	clay pot	home
Rachel hated exotic foods more than Megan but _ never had a soft spot for liver.	Rachel	Megan
Rachel hated exotic foods more than Megan but _ always had a soft spot for liver.	Rachel	Megan
Betty has been single for years, while Megan is married, so _ is more likely to have companionship.	Betty	Megan
Esther was going to a baseball game and decided to take her backpack instead of her handbag because with the _ her hands were available.	backpack	handbag
Esther was going to a baseball game and decided to take her backpack instead of her handbag because with the _ her hands were used.	backpack	handbag
He poured the orange juice from the bottle to the cup for breakfast, so the _ had more in it.	bottle	cup
He poured the orange juice from the bottle to the cup for breakfast, so the _ had less in it.	bottle	cup
Frank needed clean leggings to wear after tripping in mud and getting his straight pants dirty, so he decided on capris. He put on the _ because they were clean.	straight pants	capris
Frank needed clean leggings to wear after tripping in mud and getting his straight pants dirty, so he decided on capris. He took off the _ because they were dirty.	straight pants	capris
While the landlord was on vacation Jesse broke a vase. He replace it with a bottle and was happy because the _ looked nicer.	bottle	vase
While the landlord was on vacation Jesse broke a vase. He replace it with a bottle and was happy because the _ looked uglier.	bottle	vase
Laura emptied the rest of the chips from the bag and into her bowl. The _ is now full.	bowl	bag
Laura emptied the rest of the chips from the bag and into her bowl. The _ is now empty.	bowl	bag
The work John submitted to the company was rejected even after the proposal was approved. The _ is good.	work	proposal
The work John submitted to the company was rejected even after the proposal was approved. The _ is bad.	work	proposal
Joan wanted to put all her jewelry in the safety deposit box but the _ was too big.	jewelry	box
Joan wanted to put all her jewelry in the safety deposit box but the _ was too small.	jewelry	box
He couldn't fit the soda bottle on the refrigerator shelf because the _ was too tall.	shelf	bottle
He couldn't fit the soda bottle on the refrigerator shelf because the _ was too short.	shelf	bottle
Walter wanted to become a tour guide so he got a job with a local touring company but the _ was not fair.	company	job
Walter wanted to become a tour guide so he got a job with a local touring company but the _ was difficult.	company	job
Maneuvering a wheelchair is easier for Cynthia than Amy because _ has full use of their hands.	Cynthia	Amy
Maneuvering a wheelchair is easier for Cynthia than Amy because _ doesn't have full use of their hands.	Cynthia	Amy
Adam learned to swim in college but Michael learned to bowl. _ was unable to save the drowning person.	Adam	Michael
Adam learned to swim in college but Michael learned to bowl. _ was able to save the drowning person.	Adam	Michael
Jerry was making pancakes for breakfast but realized he had eggs but he didnt have milk. It was unnecessary to go to the store for the _ .	eggs	milk
Jerry was making pancakes for breakfast but realized he had eggs but he didnt have milk. It was necessary to go to the store for the _ .	eggs	milk
Lindsey was very tense and went to Betty for accupressure therapy. _ felt tired after working afterward.	Lindsey	Betty
Lindsey was very tense and went to Betty for accupressure therapy. _ felt much better afterward.	Lindsey	Betty
I added cocoa to my protein powder, I poured the cocoa from the box to the jug until the _ was full.	box	jug
I added cocoa to my protein powder, I poured the cocoa from the box to the jug until the _ was empty.	box	jug
The company hired Brian but not Neil for the accounting job because _ was horrible with numbers.	Brian	Neil
The company hired Brian but not Neil for the accounting job because _ was great with numbers.	Brian	Neil
Logan broke Hunter ' coffee table when he put a heavy bowling ball on it. _ became furious.	Logan	Hunter
Logan broke Hunter ' coffee table when he put a heavy bowling ball on it. _ became nervous.	Logan	Hunter
Justin drove very recklessly but Nelson drove very carefully. _ rarely got into auto accidents.	Justin	Nelson
Justin drove very recklessly but Nelson drove very carefully. _ got into a lot of auto accidents.	Justin	Nelson
Dave threw out the sausage into the garbage instead of the bacon because the _ was fresh.	sausage	bacon
Dave threw out the sausage into the garbage instead of the bacon because the _ was expired.	sausage	bacon
Rachel goes to the bakery nearly everyday for a cupcake but Laura seldom does as _ likes savory foods.	Rachel	Laura
Rachel goes to the bakery nearly everyday for a cupcake but Laura seldom does as _ likes sweet foods.	Rachel	Laura
The hard working bartender put ice from the bucket into the glass until the _ was full.	bucket	glass
The hard working bartender put ice cubes from the bucket into the glass until the _ was empty.	bucket	glass
Anna preferred to eat the spaghetti out of a bowl instead of a plate because the _ was cold.	bowl	plate
Anna preferred to eat the spaghetti out of a bowl instead of a plate because the _ was warm.	bowl	plate
Although Kevin went to the store to buy carrots he got potatoes instead because the _ were cheap and he was on a budget.	potatoes	carrots
Although Kevin went to the store to buy carrots he got potatoes instead because the _ were expensive and he was on a budget.	potatoes	carrots
Ian had a beautiful aquarium full of fish but Michael did not because _ loved collecting exotic fish.	Ian	Michael
Ian had a beautiful aquarium full of fish but Michael did not because _ did not enjoy collecting exotic fish.	Ian	Michael
Elena lends her dutch oven to Carrie so she can cook Thanksgiving dinner, because _ has a kitchen filled with useful tools and pots.	Elena	Carrie
Elena lends her dutch oven to Carrie so she can cook Thanksgiving dinner, because _ does not have many useful tools and pots.	Elena	Carrie
The customer ask the waitress to exchange the mug for the cup on the counter because the _ looked clean.	mug	cup
The customer ask the waitress to exchange the mug for the cup on the counter because the _ looked dusty.	mug	cup
All of the medications did not fit into the bottles because the _ were too few.	medications	bottles
All of the medications did not fit into the bottles because the _ were too many.	medications	bottles
Phillipe wanted to use a perfume but the nozzle was blocked because of dirt. Luckily he could remove the _ out of the bottle.	dirt	nozzle
Carrie helped Natalie plan all of the company events for the conference because _ was an assistant.	Carrie	Natalie
Carrie helped Natalie plan all of the company events for the conference because _ was an CEO.	Carrie	Natalie
Maria never forgot to clean out the goldfish bowl although Angela would wait several weeks each time, because _ was much more dependable and responsible.	Maria	Angela
Maria never forgot to clean out the goldfish bowl although Angela would wait several weeks each time, because _ was much less dependable and responsible.	Maria	Angela
Emily bought a fruit tree to plant from Katrina because _ had a full orchard.	Emily	Katrina
The fish bowl required 6 pitchers of water to fill it, because the _ held little water.	bowl	pitcher
The fish bowl required 6 pitchers of water to fill it, because the _ held a lot of water.	bowl	pitcher
James could not stir the soup in the pot without spilling it out. The _ is plenty.	soup	pot
James could not stir the soup in the pot without spilling it out. The _ is small.	soup	pot
The chef tried to store the lasagna in the box but the _ was too small.	box	lasagna
The chef tried to store the lasagna in the box but the _ was too large.	box	lasagna
Rachel was very concerned about the environment but not Cynthia. _ never recycled their paper and plastic bottles.	Rachel	Cynthia
Rachel was very concerned about the environment but not Cynthia. _ always recycled all their paper and plastic bottles.	Rachel	Cynthia
Eric always encouraged Dennis to try out a neti pot, but _ wouldn't use one themselves.	Eric	Dennis
Eric always encouraged Dennis to try out a neti pot, but _ refused use one.	Eric	Dennis
Quincy wanted to move each book from the table to the shelf so that they were in order of color,  and the _ was soon empty.	shelf	table
Mike wanted an aquarium instead of a fish bowl. The _ could hold a lot less fish.	aquarium	fish bowl
Mike wanted an aquarium instead of a fish bowl. The _ could hold a lot more fish.	aquarium	fish bowl
At the diner Monica made a plate of pancakes for Katrina after _ made the order.	Monica	Katrina
At the diner Monica made a plate of pancakes for Katrina after _ received the order.	Monica	Katrina
Drinking a cup of jasmine tea was the perfect way to wake up for Adam, but not for Kevin, because _ loved the smell of it.	Adam	Kevin
Drinking a cup of jasmine tea was the perfect way to wake up for Adam, but not for Kevin, because _ couldn't stand the smell of it.	Adam	Kevin
Betty made a nice lladro figure and tried to put it in a box but the _ was too small.	figure	box
Betty made a nice lladro figure and tried to put it in a box but the _ was too big.	figure	box
Patricia is making a pencil holder from water bottle for Mary, because _ is her best friend.	Patricia	Mary
Patricia is making a pencil holder from water bottle for Mary, because _ is crafty with hands.	Patricia	Mary
The man tried to hide the ring inside the box but the _ was too big.	box	ring
The man tried to hide the ring inside the box but the _ was too small.	box	ring
Aaron's relatives come from Germany, while Adam's come from Japan, so _ is of Asian descent.	Aaron	Adam
Aaron's relatives come from Germany, while Adam's come from Japan, so _ is of European descent.	Aaron	Adam
Monica won the beauty contest, while Natalie came in second place, because _ had less skillfully applied makeup.	Monica	Natalie
Monica won the beauty contest, while Natalie came in second place, because _ had more skillfully applied makeup.	Monica	Natalie
Buying new office supplies and storage boxes was fun for Samuel but not Joel, since _ hated having to organize.	Samuel	Joel
Buying new office supplies and storage boxes was fun for Samuel but not Joel, since _ loved to organize.	Samuel	Joel
The old bottles didn't fit in the holes on the rack because the _ were too skinny.	bottles	holes
The old bottles didn't fit in the holes on the rack because the _ were too thick.	bottles	holes
Arnold tried to put his socks in his gym bag after his workout, but the _ had a rip.	socks	bag
Arnold tried to put his socks in his gym bag after his workout, but the _ fell out.	socks	bag
I used fishnets instead of regular pants in order to cover my legs. The _ are antiquated.	fishnets	pants
I used fishnets instead of regular pants in order to cover my legs. The _ are trendy.	fishnets	pants
Please use plastic bottles and not glass bottles at the pool as the _ does not break.	plastic bottles	glass bottles
Please use plastic bottles and not glass bottles at the pool as the _ can easily break.	plastic bottles	glass bottles
The school far outpaced the company in its technology, because the _ made meager investments in it.	school	company
The school far outpaced the company in its technology, because the _ made substantial investments in it.	school	company
After slipping on the floor, Joel gratefully accepted Nelson's hand, as _ needed help getting up.	Joel	Nelson
After slipping on the floor, Joel gratefully accepted Nelson's hand, as _ provided help getting up.	Joel	Nelson
The man saw a clean bowl and a smudged plastic container, so he chose to temporarily put his fish in the _ .	container	bowl
The man saw a dirty bowl and a clean plastic container, so he chose to temporarily put his fish in the _ .	container	bowl
Aaron tried to keep Christopher calm , as _ was not someone who would succumb to blind panic.	Aaron	Christopher
Aaron tried to keep Christopher calm , as _ was not someone who would be resistant to blind panic.	Aaron	Christopher
Erin was itching all over so Jessica carefully applied ointment and calamine to the areas. _ got poison ivy.	Erin	Jessica
Erin was itching all over so Jessica carefully applied ointment and calamine to the areas. _ treated poison ivy.	Erin	Jessica
Megan knew that Katrina would panic if they lost their child at the mall. _ liked the safety harness for the child and felt more secure.	Megan	Katrina
Megan knew that Katrina would panic if they lost their child at the mall. So _ bought a safety harness for the child to feel more secure.	Megan	Katrina
the folded clothes could not fit into the bags provided to the guests, the _ were too small.	bag	clothes
the folded clothes could not fit into the  bags provided to the guests, the _ were too many.	bag	clothes
Amy asked for red velvet cupcakes with cream cheese frosting from Mary because it was _ 's birthday.	Amy	Mary
Amy baked red velvet cupcakes with cream cheese frosting for Mary because it was _ 's birthday.	Amy	Mary
The man was going to transfer his plant into a different pot but the _ was too large.	plant	pot
The man was going to transfer his plant into a different pot but the _ was too small.	plant	pot
The garbage truck had taken the trashbag out of Marys trashcan this morning, so the _ is now empty.	trashbag	trashcan
The garbage truck had taken the trashbag out of Marys trashcan this morning, so the _ is now disposed.	trashbag	trashcan
I lost the keys to my lock somewhere in the boxes, because the _ are so small.	keys	boxes
I lost the keys to my lock somewhere in the boxes, because the _ are so messy.	keys	boxes
Benjamin drank eight bottles of beer before Matthew got there and _ was very drunk.	Benjamin	Matthew
Benjamin drank eight bottles of beer before Matthew got there and _ was very upset.	Benjamin	Matthew
The teenager poured gas from the container into the tank of his car until the _ was empty.	tank	container
The teenager poured gas from the container into the tank of his car until the _ was full.	tank	container
The florist tried to store the flowers in the pots but the _ were too large.	flowers	pots
The florist tried to store the flowers in the pots but the _ were too small.	flowers	pots
Mark replaced his plastic drink cup with a glass one so he could see what he was drinking, the _ was obscure.	glass	plastic
Mark replaced his plastic drink cup with a glass one so he could see what he was drinking, the _ was clear.	glass	plastic
Watching the movie tugged at the emotions much less than reading the book, as the _ was full of passion.	movie	book
The young mother emptied out the drawers that held the photos of her high school boyfriend; when she was done the _ were empty.	drawers	photos
Joseph always sought to overcome the roadblocks that Lawrence put in his way so that _ could stifle his potential.	Joseph	Lawrence
Joseph always sought to overcome the roadblocks that Lawrence put in his way so that _ could realize his potential.	Joseph	Lawrence
Ethan wanted to bake codfish for dinner, but he couldn't fit it into the pan because the _ was small.	codfish	pan
Ethan wanted to bake codfish for dinner, but he couldn't fit it into the pan because the _ was huge.	codfish	pan
Mike wanted to make a big meal of food in the small kitchen, he couldn't because the _ could not fit many pots and pans.	kitchen	meal
Mike wanted to make a big meal of food in the small kitchen, he couldn't because the _ required many pots and pans.	kitchen	meal
Joseph prepared the food in the frying pan while Nick did the dishes, and _ washed the dishes thoroughly.	Joseph	Nick
Joseph prepared the food in the frying pan while Nick did the dishes, and _ cooked the potatoes thoroughly.	Joseph	Nick
I hated my old bags much more than my new suitcases because the _ were worn down.	bags	suitcases
I hated my old bags much more than my new suitcases because the _ were in perfect condition.	bags	suitcases
The bridesmaid took the gifts from the table and put them in the car until the _ was full.	table	car
The bridesmaid took the gifts from the table and put them in the car until the _ was empty.	table	car
Christine decided to make a bowl of strawberry flavored jello for Maria because _ is very generous.	Christine	Maria
Christine decided to make a bowl of strawberry flavored jello for Maria because _ is very hungry.	Christine	Maria
He boiled water in the pot a lot more than oil, because the _ reacted poorly to the pot's composition.	water	oil
He boiled water in the pot a lot more than oil, because the _ reacted well to the pot's composition.	water	oil
Once the panties got hardened and the leggings were laundered with softening agents, the _ were rough.	panties	leggings
Once the panties got hardened and the leggings were laundered with softening agents, the _ were smooth.	panties	leggings
William valued friendship and tried to be a good friend, but Lawrence was more a loner. _ had always liked the company of others.	William	Lawrence
William valued friendship and tried to be a good friend, but Lawrence was more a loner. _ had never liked the company of others.	William	Lawrence
The bell peppers were stored in the refrigerator and not the pantry due to _ making things age slower.	refrigerator	pantry
The bell peppers were stored in the refrigerator and not the pantry due to _ making things age faster.	refrigerator	pantry
Morgan wanted to remove the stain from her shirt, she poured vinegar from the bottle into the sprayer until the _ was empty.	bottle	sprayer
Morgan wanted to remove the stain from her shirt, she poured vinegar from the bottle into the sprayer until the _ was full.	bottle	sprayer
Bill poured the cup of water into the bowl on the counter until the _ was full.	cup	bowl
Bill poured the cup of water into the bowl on the counter until the _ was empty.	cup	bowl
Getting the materials for the building, the company could only get the steel and not the copper because the _ was expensive.	steel	copper
Getting the materials for the building, the company could only get the steel and not the copper because the _ was affordable.	steel	copper
The chef took the vegetables off of the table and put them in the pot until the _ was empty.	pot	table
The chef took the vegetables off of the table and put them in the pot until the _ was full.	pot	table
Since the bowl was fragile and the toy was not, the mom moved the _ away from the toddler.	bowl	toy
Since the bowl was fragile and the toy was not, the mom moved the _ towards the toddler.	bowl	toy
Bill poured the entire bag of Spinach into the mixing bowl until the _ was full.	bowl	bag
Bill poured the entire bag of Spinach into the mixing bowl until the _ was empty.	bowl	bag
The seeds were a better deal than the plants, because the _ were full price.	seeds	plants
The florist tried to put the plants in the pots but the _ were too small.	pots	plants
The florist tried to put the plants in the pots but the _ were too large.	pots	plants
The boys in one of the cars inching along the coastal road were disappointed to see that their favorite beach was closed off for repair. The _ was empty.	beach	road
The cat dropped the flowerpot from the window and it got broken landing on the floor. The _ is too hard.	flowerpot	floor
The cat dropped the flowerpot from the window and it got broken landing on the floor. The _ is too fragile.	flowerpot	floor
The old punching bag couldn't take more abuse before the gym would need to put a new chain on it, so the boxers laid off the _ .	punching bag	chain
The old punching bag couldn't take more abuse before the gym would need to put a new chain on it, when boxers knocked it off the _ .	punching bag	chain
We decided to live the life instead of going as fast as possible toward death because the _ was empty.	life	death
Steven operated the gun in the sniper team and Justin held the binoculars because _ was the spotter.	Steven	Justin
The man tried to throw the plastic away in the box but the _ was too large.	plastic	box
The man tried to throw the plastic away in the box but the _ was too small.	plastic	box
The skin of William is much darker than Eric, which is because _ happens to be hispanic.	William	Eric
Felicia applied to Rachel to work as an intern in the company, then _ was hired.	Felicia	Rachel
Felicia accepted an application from Rachel to work as an intern in the company, then _ was hired.	Felicia	Rachel
The volume of fire went up when james put some log into it but it was not so with the pot. The _ is inflammable.	log	pot
The volume of fire went up when james put some log into it but it was not so with the pot. The _ is flammable.	log	pot
James bought a bag to put his stuff but the bag tore while loading it because the _ is too much.	stuff	bag
James bought a bag to put his stuff but the bag tore while loading it because the _ is too small.	stuff	bag
Jerry wanted to get lotion out of the bottle, but couldn't because the _ was empty.	bottle	lotion
Jerry wanted to get lotion out of the bottle, but couldn't because the _ was gone.	bottle	lotion
Brett likes to play Xbox all the time, and Donald likes to go to museums. _ is the intellectual.	Brett	Donald
Brett likes to play Xbox all the time, and Donald likes to go to museums. _ is the gamer.	Brett	Donald
Aaron introduced his grandkid to Eric next door because talking with _ would improve the grandson's Spanish.	Aaron	Eric
Aaron introduced his grandkid to Eric next door because _ thought it would improve the grandson's Spanish.	Aaron	Eric
James hung the bag on one of the tree stem and it was retained without falling. The _ must be very strong.	bag	stem
James hung the bag on one of the tree stem and it was retained without falling. The _ must be very light.	bag	stem
The gardener wanted to put the plant inside the pot but the _ was too large.	plant	pot
The gardener wanted to put the plant inside the pot but the _ was too small.	plant	pot
Kevin hogged all the food from Kenneth and _ ended up very full in the end.	Kevin	Kenneth
Hunter didn't like playing video games as much as Kenneth because _ had a soft spot for Mario.	Hunter	Kenneth
Hunter didn't like playing video games as much as Kenneth but _ had a soft spot for Mario.	Hunter	Kenneth
The black jacket matched the pants better than the shoes, because the _ were dark.	pants	shoes
The black jacket matched the pants better than the shoes, because the _ were light.	pants	shoes
The physicist drained the beaker into the pan until the _ was full as part of an experiment.	beaker	pan
The physicist drained the beaker into the pan until the _ was empty as part of an experiment.	beaker	pan
The shopper put groceries from the bag into the refrigerator until the _ was empty.	bag	refrigerator
The shopper put groceries from the bag into the refrigerator until the _ was full.	bag	refrigerator
Bob took the chickens out of the coop and put them into the back of his truck until the _ was empty.	coop	truck
The juice squeezed out of the lemon could not fill the cup because the _ is too small.	lemon	cup
The juice squeezed out of the lemon could not fill the cup because the _ is too big.	lemon	cup
The bottles supplied is not enough to collect the water. The _ is too small.	bottle	water
The bottles supplied is not enough to collect the water. The _ is too much.	bottle	water
He became aggressive when visiting the house, but relaxed when going to the store, because the _ was full of peaceful people.	house	store
He became aggressive when visiting the house, but relaxed when going to the store, because the _ was full of threatening people.	house	store
Roberta liked to read doorstopper novels. Unfortunately she couldn't fit her book into her bag because the _ was too huge.	book	bag
Roberta liked to read doorstopper novels. Unfortunately she couldn't fit her book into her bag because the _ was too tiny.	book	bag
He started a company dealing with housing rather than agriculture because the _ was more lucrative.	agriculture	housing
He started a company dealing with housing rather than agriculture because the _ was less lucrative.	agriculture	housing
She wanted to buy a designer handbag on an auction site but bought a knock-off watch instead because the _ was inexpensive.	handbag	watch
She wanted to buy a designer handbag on an auction site but bought a knock-off watch instead because the _ was expensive.	handbag	watch
Neil got duped by the counterfeit handbags, but Samuel knew the deal was too good to be true, because _ was too trusting.	Neil	Samuel
Neil got duped by the counterfeit handbags, but Samuel knew the deal was too good to be true, because _ was too wary.	Neil	Samuel
While preparing the meat to grill, we found out we need more propane, so we cooked on the _ with charcoal.	meat	grill
While preparing the meat to grill, we found out we need more propane, so we cooked the _ in the oven.	meat	grill
Megan made a new pair of pants for Felicia because _ was a very skilled seamstress.	Megan	Felicia
Megan made a new pair of pants for Felicia because _ was a very unskilled seamstress.	Megan	Felicia
Monica still attends school every day, while Kayla graduated years ago, so _ is likely a full time worker.	Monica	Kayla
The bucket was much lighter than the tub because the _ was full of rocks.	bucket	tub
The bucket was much heavier than the tub because the _ was full of rocks.	bucket	tub
The fee to alter the wedding dress was more than the fee to alter the pants because the _ needed more work.	dress	pants
The fee to alter the wedding dress was more than the fee to alter the pants because the _ needed less work.	dress	pants
I preferred to travel by airplane than by bus because I was able to take more bags on the _ .	airplane	bus
I preferred to travel by airplane than by bus because I had to leave behind more bags on the _ .	airplane	bus
The liquid from the jar could not all be emptied into the cup because the _ is much smaller.	jar	cup
The liquid from the jar could not all be emptied into the cup because the _ is much bigger.	jar	cup
Neil battled cancer successfully, while Craig did not, due to _ having more limited health care coverage.	Neil	Craig
Neil battled cancer successfully, while Craig did not, due to _ having more expansive health care coverage.	Neil	Craig
Cynthia thought leeks were a scrumptious veggie but Samantha detested them. _ ordered a bowl of potato leek soup for lunch.	Cynthia	Samantha
Cynthia thought leeks were a scrumptious veggie but Samantha detested them. _ ordered a bowl of matzah ball soup for lunch.	Cynthia	Samantha
I wasn't able to take the bag that I received in the trunk, because the _ was too large.	bag	trunk
I wasn't able to take the bag that I received in the trunk, because the _ was too small.	bag	trunk
Adam made a bowl of soup for Hunter because _ knew they were sick and needed something to feel better.	Adam	Hunter
Adam made a bowl of soup for Hunter because _ was sick and needed something to feel better.	Adam	Hunter
Miranda poured water from the watering can over the tulips in the vase until the _ was full.	vase	watering can
Miranda poured water from the watering can over the tulips in the vase until the _ was empty.	vase	watering can
All of the information was not able to fit in my mind, because the _ was expansive.	information	mind
Cynthia's diet is much more healthy than Elena's is because _ is a couch potato.	Cynthia	Elena
Billy replaced the plastic water cup with a glass one so he could see what he was drinking, the _ was clear.	glass	plastic
Billy replaced the plastic water cup with a glass one so he could see what he was drinking, the _ was obscure.	glass	plastic
I filled the watering can using the jug so now the _ is full of water.	watering can	jug
I filled the watering can using the jug so now the _ is empty of water.	watering can	jug
Jen bought new glass bottles for her baby to replace the plastic bottles she wanted to be able to see the milk. The _ obscure.	glass bottle	plastic bottle
Jen bought new glass bottles for her baby to replace the plastic bottles she wanted to be able to see the milk. The _  was clear.	glass bottle	plastic bottle
Kenneth has more litter boxes in their house than Nelson because _ is more of a cat person.	Kenneth	Nelson
Kenneth has more litter boxes in their house than Nelson because _ is just not a cat person.	Kenneth	Nelson
The cockatoo was locked in the cage so it would eat from his bowl, the _ had bars on it.	cage	bowl
The cockatoo was locked in the cage so it would eat from his bowl, the _ had food in it.	cage	bowl
The beer tasted better out of the jar than out of the bottle, because the _ had been clean.	jar	bottle
The beer tasted better out of the jar than out of the bottle, because the _ had been dirty.	jar	bottle
The last sheet of paper would not fit in the notebook because the _ was already full.	notebook	sheet
Steven always ate a lot of French fries but Kenneth did not as _ really loved potatoes.	Steven	Kenneth
Steven always ate a lot of French fries but Kenneth did not as _ really hated potatoes.	Steven	Kenneth
The chef wanted to store the ginger in the pillbox but the _ was too small.	ginger	pillbox
The chef wanted to store the ginger in the pillbox but the _ was too large.	ginger	pillbox
John poured the bag of cement into the small hole he dug until the _ was full.	bag	hole
John poured the bag of cement into the small hole he dug until the _ was empty.	bag	hole
Neil but not Kyle was more likely to be prepared in an emergency situation because _ panicked.	Neil	Kyle
The champagne was stored in the cupboard instead of the drawer to keep the guests away from it, as the _ was well secured.	cupboard	drawer
The champagne was stored in the cupboard instead of the drawer to keep the guests away from it, as the _ was poorly secured.	cupboard	drawer
Kevin was very skilled at running their company but Kenneth was not. _ had a marginally profitable business.	Kevin	Kenneth
Kevin was very skilled at running their company but Kenneth was not. _ had a very profitable business.	Kevin	Kenneth
She cut the cereal box down into an organizer tray because the _ was handy.	tray	box
She cut the cereal box down into an organizer tray because the _ was worthless.	tray	box
Lindsey likes to barbecue their meat using charcoal but Maria prefers gas. _ went to Lowes to buy more propane for their cook out.	Lindsey	Maria
Erin asked Lindsey how to potty train the puppy, but _  had never learned how to.	Erin	Lindsey
Erin asked Lindsey how to potty train the puppy, because _  had never learned how to.	Erin	Lindsey
The dishwasher filled the machine with soap from the container until the _ was full.	machine	container
The dishwasher filled the machine with soap from the container until the _ was empty.	machine	container
Sue took the lemons from the refrigerator and placed them into the bag until the _ was full.	bag	refrigerator
Sue took the lemons from the refrigerator and placed them into the bag until the _ was empty.	bag	refrigerator
Wine can come in a box or a bottle, however, if you want to impress your guests  display the _ that the wine came in.	box	bottle
Wine can come in a box or a bottle, however, if you want to impress your guests hide the _ that the  wine came in.	box	bottle
Adam wasn't as full as Benjamin after dinner because _ ate a lot less food.	Adam	Benjamin
Adam wasn't as full as Benjamin after dinner because _ ate a lot more food.	Adam	Benjamin
Jane packed her clothes from the dufflebag into the suitcase until the _ was empty.	dufflebag	suitcase
Jane packed her clothes from the dufflebag into the suitcase until the _ was full.	dufflebag	suitcase
I bought a small bag of sand for the large sandbox and it didn't fit because the _ was too huge.	sand	sandbox
I bought a small bag of sand for the large sandbox and it didn't fit because the _ was too tiny.	sand	sandbox
Kenneth buys a bottle of nectar for the hummingbird feeder but Joel watches TV. _ is fascinated by birds.	Kenneth	Joel
Kenneth buys a bottle of nectar for the hummingbird feeder but Joel watches TV. _ is bored by birds.	Kenneth	Joel
Eric wanted to grow carrots and potatoes so they asked Dennis for help because _  had no experience.	Eric	Dennis
Eric wanted to grow carrots and potatoes so they asked Dennis for help because _ was a farmer.	Eric	Dennis
Robert poured the coconut oil into the bottle from a big glass. The oil was poured until the _ was empty.	bottle	glass
Robert poured the coconut oil into the bottle from a big glass. The oil was poured until the _ was full.	bottle	glass
Randy sang terribly but loved listening to Logan who had had many lessons to sing beautifully. The untrained singer was _ .	Randy	Logan
Randy sang terribly but loved listening to Logan who had had many lessons to sing beautifully. The trained singer was _ .	Randy	Logan
Jason always drinks 4 cups of coffee every day unlike Leslie, because _ loves the caffeine rush.	Jason	Leslie
Jason always drinks 4 cups of coffee every day unlike Leslie, because _ hates the caffeine rush.	Jason	Leslie
Heather poured the entire bottle of honey into her tea cup, until the _ was empty.	bottle	cup
Heather poured the entire bottle of honey into her tea cup, until the _ was full.	bottle	cup
The rose withered in the garden, but grew heartily in the pot, since the _ was lacking in nutrients.	garden	pot
The rose withered in the garden, but grew heartily in the pot, since the _ was abundant in nutrients.	garden	pot
Mary created a better looking pottery piece than Betty because _ remembered to cure the pottery.	Mary	Betty
Mary created a better looking pottery piece than Betty because _ forgot to cure the pottery.	Mary	Betty
Billy Bob was serving his friends some moonshine from a jar into Red Solo cups. He freely poured until the _ was empty.	jar	Red Solo cup
Billy Bob was serving his friends some moonshine from a jar into Red Solo cups. He freely poured until the _ was full.	jar	Red Solo cup
The $100 bet between Roger and Josh was set: Roger chose a bowling competition rather than a pool competition because the _ competition was likelier to neutralize his athletic superiority.	bowling	pool
The $100 bet between Roger and Josh was set: Roger chose a bowling competition rather than a pool competition because the _ competition was likelier to showcase his athletic superiority.	bowling	pool
The gardener took the water out of the cart and into the pond until the _ was full.	cart	pond
Speaking and writing Spanish came easily to Betty but not Monica because _ had Mexican parents.	Betty	Monica
Speaking and writing Spanish came easily to Betty but not Monica because _ had Irish parents.	Betty	Monica
Tammy poured the entire box of cake mix into the bowl until the _ was full.	box	bowl
Tammy poured the entire box of cake mix into the bowl until the _ was empty.	box	bowl
The weary traveler removed her underwear from her suitcase and put it in the drawer until the _ was empty.	drawer	suitcase
The weary traveler removed her underwear from her suitcase and put it in the drawer until the _ was full.	drawer	suitcase
I tried to pour the jug of water into the bottle, but it wouldn't fit because the _ was too little.	water	bottle
I tried to pour the jug of water into the bottle, but it wouldn't fit because the _ was too much.	water	bottle
After he poured the bleach from the bottle into the tank, the _ was ready.	bottle	tank
After he poured the bleach from the bottle into the tank, the _ was empty.	bottle	tank
The baby powder made Aaron break out in spots, but not Justin because _ 's skin was insensitive to things.	Aaron	Justin
The baby powder made Aaron break out in spots, but not Justin because _ 's skin was sensitive to things.	Aaron	Justin
Kelly poured the entire cup of water into the mixing bowl on the counter until the _ was full.	bowl	cup
Kelly poured the entire cup of water into the mixing bowl on the counter until the _ was empty.	bowl	cup
We switched the mice out of the cage and into the box, as the _ so cramped.	cage	box
We switched the mice out of the cage and into the box, as the _ so spacious.	cage	box
Eric searched all over for the pot of gold before Ian even got out of bed, and _ became a very rich woman.	Eric	Ian
Eric searched all over for the pot of gold before Ian even got out of bed, and _ continued to be very poor.	Eric	Ian
She liked to watch wrestling and not boxing, because she found the _ to be much cooler.	wrestling	boxing
She liked to watch the wrestling and not boxing, because she found the _ to be really boring.	wrestling	boxing
The beauty pageant was full of beautiful girls this time instead of the ones that were ugly, because the _ were shunned.	beautiful	ugly
The beauty pageant was full of beautiful girls this time instead of the ones that were ugly, because the _ were appreciated.	beautiful	ugly
Mary poured the entire chocolate milk jug into her drinking cup until the _ was full.	jug	cup
Mary poured the entire chocolate milk jug into her drinking cup until the _ was empty.	jug	cup
Laura needed to go buy some cosmetics for her wedding and asked Victoria to help knowing _ they had a room full.	Laura	Victoria
Franklin played cribbage with golf tees instead of the usual pegs, because the _ were less fun.	tees	pegs
Franklin played cribbage with golf tees instead of the usual pegs, because the _ were more fun.	tees	pegs
Carl tripped into a puddle of water, got his pegged pants wet, needed some dry leggings, and decided on yoga pants. He took off the _ because they are wet.	pegged pants	yoga pants
Carl tripped into a puddle of water, got his pegged pants wet, needed some dry leggings, and decided on yoga pants. He put on the _ because they are dry.	pegged pants	yoga pants
I bought a pack of soda, but it all would not fit in the fridge because the _ was too full.	fridge	soda
We got new tiling for the home and quickly replaced the old floor as the _ was expandable.	tiling	floor
Tammy always had cereal for breakfast and left out the bagel because the _ was bland.	cereal	bagel
Tammy always had cereal for breakfast and left out the bagel because the _ was healthy.	cereal	bagel
To forget his troubles, Kevin drank a lot of booze direct from the bottle without a glass. The _ was sufficient.	glass	bottle
To forget his troubles, Kevin drank a lot of booze direct from the bottle without a glass. The _ was not needed.	glass	bottle
I tried to put the egg in the cup, but it didn't fit because the _ was too big.	cup	egg
I tried to put the egg in the cup, but it didn't fit because the _ was too small.	cup	egg
The woman knew the mug would hold more liquid than the cup because the _ was deeper.	mug	cup
The woman knew the mug would hold more liquid than the cup because the _ was shallower.	mug	cup
Amy had an organized pantry while Lindsey had a messy one since _ was very neat.	Amy	Lindsey
Amy had an organized pantry while Lindsey had a messy one since _ was very unorganized.	Amy	Lindsey
Robert emptied the entire box of pasta into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was empty.	box	pan
Robert emptied the entire box of pasta into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was full.	box	pan
It was hard work balancing the coffee pot on the campfire but the _ was essential for staying warm.	coffee pot	campfire
It was hard work balancing the coffee pot on the campfire but the _ was essential for starting the day.	coffee pot	campfire
Joel gleefully explained to Dennis how these compression socks got rid of his soreness.  _ was impressed.	Joel	Dennis
Joel gleefully explained to Dennis how these compression socks got rid of his soreness.  _ was enthusiastic.	Joel	Dennis
After the interview was over Bill replaced his pant with shorts for the rest of the day, the _ was cold.	pant	shorts
After the interview was over Bill replaced his pant with shorts for the rest of the day, the _ was hot.	pant	shorts
Kerri wanted to replace her mothball with some brand new potpourri, because the _ was new.	mothball	potpourri
Kerri wanted to replace her mothball with some brand new potpourri, because the _ was old.	mothball	potpourri
The doctor preferred to prepare the patient with the medicine instead of the IV since the _ was impotent.	medicine	IV
The doctor preferred to prepare the patient with the medicine instead of the IV since the _ was potent.	medicine	IV
All my jeans could not fit in my new bag bag because the _ were  too big.	jeans	bag
All my jeans could not fit in my new bag bag because the _ was too small.	jeans	bag
The tool that I got for my birthday didn't fit in my bag because the _ was too small.	tool	bag
The tool that I got for my birthday didn't fit in my bag because the _ was too big.	tool	bag
The pool area only had a few people while the drawing room was full of people. Sandy decided to hang out in the _ since it was calmer.	pool area	drawing room
The pool area only had a few people while the drawing room was full of people. Sandy decided to hang out in the _ since it was livelier.	pool area	drawing room
I sprayed the bottle on my dirty red polo shirt because the _ smelled bad.	bottle	shirt
I sprayed the bottle on my dirty red polo shirt because the _ smelled good.	bottle	shirt
Sarah had to annotate a novel but not Lindsey because _ was taking a boxing class.	Sarah	Lindsey
Craig made the best rice pudding, which was Justin's favorite, so _ brought him a large bowl.	Craig	Justin
Craig made the best rice pudding, which was Justin's favorite, so _ asked him for a large bowl.	Craig	Justin
We couldn't fit the new machine in the garage because the _ was very full.	machine	garage
Felicia liked soda in bottles while Maria liked cans because _ hated the aluminum taste.	Felicia	Maria
Felicia liked soda in bottles while Maria liked cans because _ loved the aluminum taste.	Felicia	Maria
Katia carefully poured the milk from the carton into the mug until the _ was filled up.	carton	mug
Katia carefully poured the milk from the carton into the mug until the _ was emptied out.	carton	mug
Rachel bought a box of donuts from Patricia's shop. Baking sweets was a passion for _ .	Rachel	Patricia
Rachel bought a box of donuts from Patricia's shop. Eating sweets was a passion for _ .	Rachel	Patricia
Robert aimed his water gun at Ian and started to soak him in red paint because _  dyed his pants pink yesterday.	Robert	Ian
The woman chose to wear shorts instead of pants when running the marathon because the _ were comfortable.	shorts	pants
The woman chose to wear shorts instead of pants when running the marathon because the _ were uncomfortable.	shorts	pants
The food in the bowl could not be eaten by anyone and we decided to go for the milk. The _ is rotten.	food	milk
The food in the bowl could not be eaten by anyone and we decided to go for the milk. The _ is fresh.	food	milk
Felicia gave two boxes of her gently used maternity clothe to Sarah as _ has three children and would not need them.	Felicia	Sarah
Felicia gave two boxes of her gently used maternity clothe to Sarah as _ has no children and could use any help.	Felicia	Sarah
The marine used the polish from the jars to shine his boots for inspection until the _ were empty.	boots	jars
In preparation for the meal, Jennifer steamed the cabbage but not the lettuce because the _ was under cooked.	cabbage	lettuce
In preparation for the meal, Jennifer steamed the cabbage but not the lettuce because the _ was ready.	cabbage	lettuce
James was happy to perform the dance in sweatpants rather than a leotard, as he thought the _ looked very good on him.	sweatpants	leotard
James was happy to perform the dance in sweatpants rather than a leotard, as he thought the _ looked very bad on him.	sweatpants	leotard
Aaron eats a lot of potatoes in their diet, whereas Joseph prefers steak, so _ has a carb heavy diet.	Aaron	Joseph
Aaron eats a lot of potatoes in their diet, whereas Joseph prefers steak, so _ has a meat heavy diet.	Aaron	Joseph
Ron preferred to keep his hamster in the cage instead of the box because the _ was more cramped.	cage	box
Ron preferred to keep his hamster in the cage instead of the box because the _ was more spacious.	cage	box
The bartender kept pouring shots from the bottles into the glasses until the _ were all empty.	bottles	glasses
The bartender kept pouring shots from the bottles into the glasses until the _ were all full.	bottles	glasses
Brett loved wearing a sweatshirt and sweatpants when he went out but Brian did not because _ was very formal.	Brett	Brian
Brett loved wearing a sweatshirt and sweatpants when he went out but Brian did not because _ was very informal.	Brett	Brian
I poured orange juice from the blender into the cup until the _ was empty.	blender	cup
I poured orange juice from the blender into the cup until the _ was full.	blender	cup
My sister's suitcase was more massive than my bag, because the _ held more stuff.	suitcase	bag
My sister's suitcase was more massive than my bag, because the _ held less stuff.	suitcase	bag
The player tried to put the basketball in the bag but the _ was too small.	bag	basketball
The player tried to put the basketball in the bag but the _ was too big.	bag	basketball
The ceremony was going on so long that the guests were getting frustrated with the participants, but the _ were known to be impatient.	participants	guests
The ceremony was going on so long that the guests were getting frustrated with the participants, because the _ were known to stall.	participants	guests
The soup went poorly with the bread, but was delicious with the pasta, since the _ had a wonderfully matched flavor.	bread	pasta
James wanted to travel with the two balls in his bag but he could not because the _ is too small.	ball	bag
James wanted to travel with the two balls in his bag but he could not because the _ is too big.	ball	bag
John emptied the content of the box into the jar and it cannot contain it. The _ is small.	box	jar
John emptied the content of the box into the jar and it cannot contain it. The _ is big.	box	jar
The worker moved the cardboard from the truck to the storeroom until the _ was empty.	truck	storeroom
The worker moved the cardboard from the truck to the storeroom until the _ was full.	truck	storeroom
The company changed the recipe for its drinks by using new food coloring and sweetener, but the _ had an unpopular color.	coloring	sweetener
The company changed the recipe for its drinks by using new food coloring and sweetener, but the _ was not sweet enough.	coloring	sweetener
When he tried to reach the pan on the stove, he burned himself with a pot, because the _ was on the front burner.	pan	pot
When he tried to reach the pan on the stove, he burned himself with a pot, because the _ was on the back burner.	pan	pot
The traveler took took the old shirts out of the case and replaced them with new pants because the _ were smelly.	shirts	pants
The traveler took took the old shirts out of the case and replaced them with new pants because the _ were fresh.	shirts	pants
She wanted to keep her pet in a box instead of a pen, because she felt the _ was more irritable.	box	pen
She wanted to keep her pet in a box instead of a pen, because she felt the _ was more comfortable.	box	pen
The special stone was moved from the plate to the bowl because the _ was precarious.	plate	bowl
The special stone was moved from the plate to the bowl because the _ was sturdy.	plate	bowl
While caring for the elderly, Victoria cheerfully helped Samantha care for herself, and _ was grateful for her empathy.	Victoria	Samantha
While caring for the elderly, Victoria cheerfully helped Samantha care for herself, and _ was rewarded for her empathy.	Victoria	Samantha
The mans old pants looked worse than my jeans because the _ were brand new.	pants	jeans
The mans old pants looked worse than my jeans because the _ were well worn.	pants	jeans
I hated stocking the old goods compared to the new boxes because the _ are light.	goods	boxes
I hated stocking the old goods compared to the new boxes because the _ were heavy.	goods	boxes
He decided he couldn't fit his gaming console in the cabinet and placed it on the shelf instead. The _ was too full.	shelf	cabinet
Brian put Lawrence in charge of preparing the baby's bottle, because _ knew how to do it.	Brian	Lawrence
Brian put Lawrence in charge of preparing the baby's bottle, because _ wasn't confident about doing it.	Brian	Lawrence
The father tried to hide the new toy in the box but the _ was too small.	box	toy
The father tried to hide the new toy in the box but the _ was too large.	box	toy
Craig wanted to get acupuncture but William thought it was foolish. _ was a big fan of alternative medicine.	Craig	William
Craig wanted to get acupuncture but William thought it was foolish. _ was a big skeptic of alternative medicine.	Craig	William
Dennis was installing solar panels on Brian's roof when he slipped and fell off the roof. _ yelled for help and for someone to call an ambulance.	Dennis	Brian
Dennis was installing solar panels on Brian's roof when he slipped and fell off the roof. _ got help and called an ambulance.	Dennis	Brian
Mark made mashed potatoes with lumps in them, but they didn't turn out well because the _ were too runny.	lumps	mashed potatoes
Mark made mashed potatoes with lumps in them, but they didn't turn out well because the _ were too hard.	lumps	mashed potatoes
Samantha gave a special ice cream treat to Betty, so _ walked around with an empty hand.	Samantha	Betty
Samantha gave a special ice cream treat to Betty, so _ walked around with a full hand.	Samantha	Betty
Jeffrey asked Dennis to store potatoes in his basement, but _ had nowhere to keep them.	Jeffrey	Dennis
Jeffrey asked Dennis to store potatoes in his basement, because _ had nowhere to keep them.	Jeffrey	Dennis
Megan had much more energy in class than Carrie because _ had drank a cup of coffee.	Megan	Carrie
I couldn't wrap the shipping box with the newspaper because the _ was too small.	box	newspaper
I couldn't wrap the shipping box with the newspaper because the _ was too large.	box	newspaper
The fresh cabbage was added to the sausages but not to the lentils, as the _ worked terribly with the flavor.	sausages	lentils
The fresh cabbage was added to the sausages but not to the lentils, as the _ worked well with the flavor.	sausages	lentils
Jane added fertilizer to the vegetables in the ground but not to the pot. The ones in the _ did grow well.	pot	ground
Jane added fertilizer to the vegetables in the ground but not to the pot. The ones in the _ did not grow.	pot	ground
Saving up for a massage for his body, Billy got one with acupuncture included instead of hot stone as the _ felt bad to him.	acupuncture	hot stone
Saving up for a massage for his body, Billy got one with acupuncture included instead of hot stone as the _ felt good to him.	acupuncture	hot stone
It was a challenge to wash the cooking pot in the kitchen sink because the _ was shallow.	cooking pot	kitchen sink
It was a challenge to wash the cooking pot in the kitchen sink because the _ was deep.	cooking pot	kitchen sink
During the class, the yoga teacher decided to wear the white pants instead of the grey pants because the _ were uncomfortable.	white pants	grey pants
During the class, the yoga teacher decided to wear the white pants instead of the grey pants because the _ were comfortable.	white pants	grey pants
She moved all the furniture from the living room to her bedroom so the _ became empty.	living room	bedroom
At night, the eagle could see more of the cave than the panther because the _ had better day vision.	eagle	panther
At night, the eagle could see more of the cave than the panther because the _ had better night vision.	eagle	panther
The shopper took the bags from the cart and put them in the trunk of his car until the _ was full.	trunk	cart
The shopper took the bags from the cart and put them in the trunk of his car until the _ was empty.	trunk	cart
The construction worker put cement from the wheelbarrows into the containers until the _ were full.	containers	wheelbarrows
The construction worker put cement from the wheelbarrows into the containers until the _ were empty.	containers	wheelbarrows
Bob poured the entire bag of concrete into the hole that he dug until the _ was full.	bag	hole
Bob poured the entire bag of concrete into the hole that he dug until the _ was empty.	bag	hole
Kevin had become the victim of mail theft several times but Hunter never did because _ did not have a secure mailbox.	Kevin	Hunter
Kevin had become the victim of mail theft several times but Hunter never did because _ had a secure mailbox.	Kevin	Hunter
I saw the signs before I saw the posters, because the _ were put in a great spot.	signs	posters
I saw the signs before I saw the posters, because the _ were put in a terrible spot.	signs	posters
The vegetables cooked in the pan were better than the ones cooked in the microwave because the _ makes the vegetables crispy.	pan	microwave
The vegetables cooked in the pan were better than the ones cooked in the microwave because the _ makes the vegetables too soft.	pan	microwave
Logan quits his job on Friday, but Joel continues to work at the same company, so _ was likely content.	Logan	Joel
Logan quits his job on Friday, but Joel continues to work at the same company, so _ was likely unhappy.	Logan	Joel
The lifespan of Justin will be shorter than Brian because _ doesn't take care of his body well.	Justin	Brian
The lifespan of Justin will be longer than Brian because _ doesn't take care of his body well.	Justin	Brian
The restaurant worker poured water from the jug into the pot until the _ was empty.	jug	pot
The restaurant worker poured water from the jug into the pot until the _ was full.	jug	pot
Emily wanted to soak her feet, she poured all the water from the vase into the soaker until the _ was empty.	vase	soaker
Emily wanted to soak her feet, she poured all the water from the vase into the soaker until the _ was full.	vase	soaker
The box got the scale broken after it was placed on it because the _ is too small.	box	scale
The box got the scale broken after it was placed on it because the _ is too big.	box	scale
Jane wanted to fly a family in her plane to a vacation spot with their luggage but the _ was too small.	luggage	plane
Jane wanted to fly a family in her plane to a vacation spot with their luggage but the _ was too large.	luggage	plane
Donald was the better marketing consultant for the company than Benjamin because _ hated talking to people.	Donald	Benjamin
Donald was the better marketing consultant for the company than Benjamin because _ loved talking to people.	Donald	Benjamin
Cecily could only lift the cabbage and had to get Jenni to lift the pumpkin for her. The _ was heavy.	cabbage	pumpkin
Cecily could only lift the cabbage and had to get Jenni to lift the pumpkin for her. The _ was light.	cabbage	pumpkin
Kayla made cornmeal porridge in the instant pot while Felicia tried to make it in the microwave, _ was less  advance.	Kayla	Felicia
Kayla made cornmeal porridge in the instant pot while Felicia tried to make it in the microwave, _ was more advance.	Kayla	Felicia
I've decided to install a shower instead of a bathtub. The _ is expansive and inconvenient.	shower	bathtub
Agnes wanted to add a lot of sugar from the canister to her coffee cup, but the _ was empty.	canister	cup
Agnes wanted to add a lot of sugar from the canister to her coffee cup, but the _ was full.	canister	cup
Jeffrey was feeling sleepy all day, while Steven was full of energy, because _ had slept soundly the night before.	Jeffrey	Steven
Jeffrey was feeling sleepy all day, while Steven was full of energy, because _ had slept restlessly the night before.	Jeffrey	Steven
Jessica beat Jennifer at darts at the fair, so ( _ ) won the the goldfish in a bag.	Jessica	Jennifer
Jessica lost to Jennifer at darts at the fair, so ( _ ) won the goldfish in a bag.	Jessica	Jennifer
As the gas filled the room, most people opted for the mask instead of the bag since the _ was inefficient.	mask	bag
As the gas filled the room, most people opted for the mask instead of the bag since the _ was efficient.	mask	bag
The fan blew glitter off the table and onto the ground until the _ was full of glitter.	table	ground
The fan blew glitter off the table and onto the ground until the _ was empty of glitter.	table	ground
Laura didn't mind giving her snack to Erin because _ had already eaten lunch and was full.	Laura	Erin
Angela always changes the bedpan of Megan because _ is a nurse at the hospital.	Angela	Megan
Angela always changes the bedpan of Megan because _ is a patient at the hospital.	Angela	Megan
I put my class notes in my book bag and misplaced it so I got an unforgettable backpack because the _ was plain.	book bag	backpack
I put my class notes in my book bag and misplaced it so I got an unforgettable backpack because the _ was gaudy.	book bag	backpack
I tried to put the box in the safe but it didn't fit, because the _ was too miniscule.	box	safe
I tried to put the box in the safe but it didn't fit, because the _ was too large.	box	safe
Jennifer gave the steaming cup of tea to Lindsey, because _ liked their tea hot.	Jennifer	Lindsey
Jennifer gave the steaming cup of tea to Lindsey, because _ liked their tea cold.	Jennifer	Lindsey
Nelson liked to date teen girls but Joel liked older women. _ went to the mall to look for potential dates.	Nelson	Joel
Nelson liked to date teen girls but Joel liked older women. _ went to the rest home to look for potential dates.	Nelson	Joel
Bill poured the entire bowl of chicken wing bone into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was empty.	bowl	pan
Bill poured the entire bowl of chicken wing bone into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was full.	bowl	pan
The roses were more colorful than the carnations because the _ were in full bloom.	roses	carnations
The roses were more dull than the carnations because the _ were in full bloom.	roses	carnations
After losing a large contract, Angela successfully laid the blame onto Jessica, causing _ to feel relieved.	Angela	Jessica
After losing a large contract, Angela successfully laid the blame onto Jessica, causing _ to become irate.	Angela	Jessica
The sparkly jewelry will not fit in the jewelry box because the _ is too tiny.	box	jewelry
The sparkly jewelry will not fit in the jewelry box because the _ is too huge.	box	jewelry
Julie emptied the entire cup of chicken into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was full.	cup	pan
Julie emptied the entire cup of chicken into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was empty.	cup	pan
My parents were happy to let me exchange my sweatshirt at the store for a tank top. I think the _ looks baggy on me.	sweatshirt	tank top
It was easy to get the honey out of a jar than a bottle, because the _ has a wide mouth.	jar	bottle
It was easy to get the honey out of a jar than a bottle, because the _ has a narrow mouth.	jar	bottle
My real estate seminar started at 6:00 and I take the bus home at 7:00 so there wasn't much time.  Thankfully, the _ was delayed so I made it.	seminar	bus
My real estate seminar started at 6:00 and I take the bus home at 7:00 so there wasn't much time.  Thankfully, the _ was short so I made it.	seminar	bus
The soda bottle that Jill purchased would not fit into her cup holder, the _ was too wide.	bottle	cup holder
The soda bottle that Jill purchased would not fit into her cup holder, the _ was too narrow.	bottle	cup holder
I poured tea from my mug that the waiter gave me to the cup until the _ was empty.	cup	mug
I poured tea from my mug that the waiter gave me to the cup until the _ was full.	cup	mug
We will need more eggs in order to fill up the bowl because the _ is small.	egg	bowl
We will need more eggs in order to fill up the bowl because the _ is big.	egg	bowl
Elena always used paper bags but Patricia used plastic bags, because _ was concerned about the environment.	Elena	Patricia
Elena always used paper bags but Patricia used plastic bags, because _ was unconcerned about the environment.	Elena	Patricia
We left the marshmallows off the cake but added them to the cupcake, as they were a poor match for the _ 's texture.	cake	cupcake
We left the marshmallows off the cake but added them to the cupcake, as they were a perfect match for the _ 's texture.	cake	cupcake
They went on a safari and saw a panda eating bamboo, which Megan loved but Elena didn't care about. _ 's favorite animal was the tiger.	Megan	Elena
They went on a safari and saw a panda eating bamboo, which Megan loved but Elena didn't care about. _ 's favorite animal was the panda.	Megan	Elena
The water that my mom bought was not enough to fill the fish bowl because the _ was to big.	water	bowl
The water that my mom bought was not enough to fill the fish bowl because the _ was to little.	water	bowl
I tried to pour all of the liquid into the small bottler, but I couldn't because the _ was too little.	liquid	bottle
I tried to pour all of the liquid into the small bottler, but I couldn't because the _ was too much.	liquid	bottle
The bowl was kept next to the stove because there wasn't enough room in the pan. The _ was deep.	bowl	pan
The bowl was kept next to the stove because there wasn't enough room in the pan. The _ was shallow.	bowl	pan
I tried to fit a kettle into the box but I could not because the _ was too small.	box	kettle
I tried to fit a kettle into the box but I could not because the _ was too big.	box	kettle
The movers took furniture out of the house and put it in the truck until the _ was full.	house	truck
The movers took furniture out of the house and put it in the truck until the _ was empty.	house	truck
Adam came over to Samuel's house to warm up with a cup of hot chocolate, since _ 's heater was broken.	Adam	Samuel
Adam came over to Samuel's house to warm up with a cup of hot chocolate, since _ 's heater was working.	Adam	Samuel
Leslie gave Ryan a big box of stuffed toys as a donation after _ 's child outgrew them.	Leslie	Ryan
Leslie gave Ryan a big box of stuffed toys as a donation when _ 's child was born.	Leslie	Ryan
The farmer grew his potatoes without using pesticides because he didn't want the _ to destroy.	potatoes	pesticides
The farmer grew his potatoes without using pesticides because he didn't want the _ to perish.	potatoes	pesticides
Ginger wasn't happy with her exercise routine, she replaced it with kick boxing. Because the _ was old.	routine	kick boxing
Ginger wasn't happy with her exercise routine, she replaced it with kick boxing. Because the _ was trendy.	routine	kick boxing
The tire was flat on the car but was full on the truck, because the _ had been recently repaired.	car	truck
The tire was flat on the car but was full on the truck, because the _ had not been repaired.	car	truck
Lawrence finishes off their shampoo bottle much faster than Kevin because _ has really long hair.	Lawrence	Kevin
Lawrence finishes off their shampoo bottle much faster than Kevin because _ has really short hair.	Lawrence	Kevin
Craig is known as an empty nester, although Justin isn't, because _ still has children living at home.	Craig	Justin
Craig is known as an empty nester, although Justin isn't, because _ doesn't have children living at home.	Craig	Justin
The box can store the food better than the bottle for storing lunch because the opening of the _ is narrow.	box	bottle
The box can store the food better than the bottle for storing lunch because the opening of the _ is wide.	box	bottle
He tried to put the iron in the box but the _ was too small.	iron	box
He tried to put the iron in the box but the _ was too big.	iron	box
Ryan found a lot of gold while panning for it, but Matthew did not, so _ was very pleased.	Ryan	Matthew
Ryan found a lot of gold while panning for it, but Matthew did not, so _ was very disappointed.	Ryan	Matthew
Martha liked to add a tablespoon of sugar instead of a cup to the cake because the _ made it too sweet.	tablespoon	cup
Martha liked to add a tablespoon of sugar instead of a cup to the cake because the _ made it less sweet.	tablespoon	cup
Betty told Megan that she was using teabags to help fertilize her garden.  _ was intrigued.	Betty	Megan
Betty told Megan that she was using teabags to help fertilize her garden.  _ was creative.	Betty	Megan
Kelly poured the entire bottle of dressing into the salad bowl until the _ was empty.	bottle	bowl
Kelly poured the entire bottle of dressing into the salad bowl until the _ was full.	bottle	bowl
Paul tripped in mud, got his straight pants dirty, and needed to put some clean leggings. He put on some skinny pants because the _ are dirty.	straight pants	skinny pants
Paul tripped in mud, got his straight pants dirty, and needed to put some clean leggings. He put on some skinny pants because the _ are clean.	straight pants	skinny pants
Birdwatching was Patricia 's favorite while Natalie found it boring, because _ was good at spotting rare birds.	Patricia	Natalie
Birdwatching was Patricia 's favorite while Natalie found it boring, because _ was bad at spotting rare birds.	Patricia	Natalie
The librarian tried to put the box into the library but the _ was too large.	library	box
The librarian tried to put the box into the library but the _ was too small.	library	box
The man wanted to put the box in the office but the _ was too large.	office	box
The man wanted to put the box in the office but the _ was too small.	office	box
When Betty wanted to organize her closet, instead of keeping things in cardboard boxes, she used plastic totes. The _ wouldn't last for a long time.	cardboard boxes	plastic totes
When Betty wanted to organize her closet, instead of keeping things in cardboard boxes, she used plastic totes. The _ would last for a long time.	cardboard boxes	plastic totes
Jennifer decided to travel the world, and invited Tanya to come, because _ wanted a companion.	Jennifer	Tanya
Jennifer decided to travel the world, and invited Tanya to come, because _ liked being a companion.	Jennifer	Tanya
The mad scientist poured acid from the test tube into the beaker until the _ was full.	beaker	test tube
The mad scientist poured acid from the test tube into the beaker until the _ was empty.	beaker	test tube
Adam embarrassingly confessed to Justin that _ sweater had shrunk and was full of dryer lint and cat hair.	Adam	Justin
Adam tactfully told Justin that _ sweater had shrunk and was full of dryer lint and cat hair.	Adam	Justin
The thermos of coffee spilled inside the backpack on the way to school, so the _ was now empty.	Thermos	Backpack
Mary used a box instead of an envelope to send a sweater she made because shipping within the _ is expensive.	envelope	box
Mary used a box instead of an envelope to send a sweater she made because shipping within the _ is cheap.	envelope	box
He recently bought new shirts but hadn't bought new pants for working out in awhile so the _ were worn down.	pants	shirts
He recently bought new shirts but hadn't bought new pants for working out in awhile so the _ were new.	pants	shirts
Brian usually washed the tiny spots from the glasses for Eric after dinner because _ had better vision.	Brian	Eric
Brian usually washed the tiny spots from the glasses for Eric after dinner because _ had worse vision.	Brian	Eric
I tried to fit the paper into my wallet, but I couldn't because the _ was too full.	paper	wallet
Mike wanted to balance the bottle on the shelf but the _ was too narrow.	shelf	bottle
Mike wanted to balance the bottle on the shelf but the _ was too broad.	shelf	bottle
Jared poured the distilled water from the jug into the aquarium until the _ was empty.	aquarium	jug
Jared poured the distilled water from the jug into the aquarium until the _ was full.	aquarium	jug
Brett really wanted to give Hunter a hand full of magic seeds but _ had none.	Brett	Hunter
Brett really wanted to give Hunter a hand full of magic seeds because _ had none.	Brett	Hunter
The bowl cracked but the vase was fine, because the _ was unprotected in the luggage.	bowl	vase
The bowl cracked but the vase was fine, because the _ was protected in the luggage.	bowl	vase
I hated my previous company compared to the business I am with now because the _ was horrible.	company	business
I hated my previous company compared to the business I am with now because the _ is amazing.	company	business
The system that Randy used was worse than that of Adam, because _ company was rich.	Randy	Adam
The system that Randy used was worse than that of Adam, because _ company was broke.	Randy	Adam
The field was full of wildlife at dawn, but was empty by dusk, as the _ was a more hospitable climate.	dawn	dusk
The field was full of wildlife at dawn, but was empty by dusk, as the _ was a more hostile climate.	dawn	dusk
Jill sterilized the bottles using the dishwasher instead of the sink because the water was too cold using the _ .	dishwasher	sink
Jill sterilized the bottles using the dishwasher instead of the sink because the water got hotter using the _ .	dishwasher	sink
She poured dog food into her dog's new bowl, but needed a bigger bowl since the _ was too abundant.	food	bowl
She poured dog food into her dog's new bowl, but needed a bigger bowl since the _ was too small.	food	bowl
Jessica was nervous when she walked into her interview for an administrative assistant with Laura _ was the potential employer.	Jessica	Laura
Nelson wanted to make fudge, so he asked Brett to melt some chocolate in a pot; _ was too busy to do it himself.	Nelson	Brett
Nelson wanted to make fudge, so he asked Brett to melt some chocolate in a pot; _ was able to do it for him.	Nelson	Brett
The chef used zucchinis instead of potatoes to make fries because the _ were older.	zucchinis	potatoes
The chef used zucchinis instead of potatoes to make fries because the _ were fresher.	zucchinis	potatoes
Kayla had a panic attack after their tense interaction with Laura, because _ was extremely intimidating.	Kayla	Laura
Kayla had a panic attack after their tense interaction with Laura, because _ was extremely traumatised.	Kayla	Laura
The salesman was selling accessories to the customers and sold a lot of ties but not bags because the _ were strange.	ties	bags
The salesman was selling accessories to the customers and sold a lot of ties but not bags because the _ were luxurious.	ties	bags
A recipe called for meat to be cooked in a crock pot but the _ was too thick.	crock pot	meat
A recipe called for meat to be cooked in a crock pot but the _ was too shallow.	crock pot	meat
Mary poured the entire bottle of cleaning soap into the sink until the _ was full.	bottle	sink
Mary poured the entire bottle of cleaning soap into the sink until the _ was empty.	bottle	sink
Julie poured the entire bottle of liquid soup into the pan on the stove until the _ was empty.	pan	bottle
Julie poured the entire bottle of liquid soup into the pan on the stove until the _ was full.	pan	bottle
The girl wore the shorts, but took the pants to the seamstress to be hemmed, because the _ were the right length.	shorts	pants
The girl wore the shorts, but took the pants to the seamstress be hemmed, because the _ were the wrong length.	shorts	pants
Mom was making pancakes for the kids this morning when she realized they were out of syrup.  I ran to the store to get the _ .	syrup	pancakes
Mom was making pancakes for the kids this morning when she realized they were out of syrup.  I ran to the store so they could enjoy the _ .	syrup	pancakes
Jim wanted to cook crawfish in the pot, but they would not fit, the _ was too large.	pot	crawfish
Jim wanted to cook crawfish in the pot, but they would not fit, the _ was too small.	pot	crawfish
Lily gave up making a bag with a sewing machine because of the thick instruction book and used hand sewing method instead because the _ is time consuming.	sewing machine	hand sewing method
Lily gave up making a bag with a sewing machine because of the thick instruction book  and used hand sewing method instead because the _ is time saving.	sewing machine	hand sewing method
The company that Angela worked for was far better than that of Christine because _ got many benefits.	Angela	Christine
The company that Angela worked for was far worse than that of Christine because _ got many benefits.	Angela	Christine
The water dripping below the wooden floor was collected by a bowl placed beneath it. The _ is impermeable.	floor	bowl
The water dripping below the wooden floor was collected by a bowl placed beneath it. The _ is porous.	floor	bowl
The roots of the plants started to grow out of the pots because the _ were too short.	roots	pots
The roots of the plants started to grow out of the pots because the _ were too long.	roots	pots
The German man got a bagel with his coffee and passed on the muffin. The _ looked mouthwatering to him.	bagel	muffin
The German man got a bagel with his coffee and passed on the muffin. The _ looked mediocre to him.	bagel	muffin
Nelson was too small to lift the box, so Samuel helped carry it and _ was thanked.	Nelson	Samuel
Nelson was too small to lift the box, so Samuel helped carry it and _ thanked them.	Nelson	Samuel
Jessica was looking for some new dress pants when Emily showed them an inexpensive pair that _ thought they could afford.	Jessica	Emily
Jessica was looking for some new dress pants when Emily showed them an expensive pair that _ just had to have.	Jessica	Emily
All of the sports balls wouldn't fit into the bags, because the _ were too few.	balls	bags
All of the sports balls wouldn't fit into the bags, because the _ were too many.	balls	bags
Angela tripped over Amy's potted plants because _ placed the plants in the open doorway.	Angela	Amy
Angela tripped over Amy's potted plants because _ didn't see the plants in the open doorway.	Angela	Amy
The food in Robert's pantry is plentiful, but this is not so for Ian because _ is poor.	Robert	Ian
The food in Robert's pantry is plentiful, but this is not so for Ian because _ is wealthy.	Robert	Ian
She wanted tights for the Peter Pan costume, but had to use tight-fitting pants instead, because she only had green _ .	tights	pants
She wanted tights for the Peter Pan costume, but had to use tight-fitting pants instead, because she had no green _ .	tights	pants
During the winter Jimmy needed to replace his old sweater but not his jacket because the _ was full of holes.	sweater	jacket
I poured water from a big and shiny glass into the small bottle until the _ was empty.	glass	bottle
I poured water from a big and shiny glass into the small bottle until the _ was full.	glass	bottle
Dennis was invited for an interview by Justin for a position at a new office. _ prepared by researching the company.	Dennis	Justin
To heal properly, the bandage had to be removed from the cut and replaced with ointment, as the _ was potent in curing the infection.	bandage	ointment
John broke the tablet when he placed the box on it not knowing the _ is fragile.	tablet	box
John broke the tablet when he placed the box on it not knowing the _ is heavy.	tablet	box
Bill changed from having his kids throw up in a bowl to a bucket, because the _ was more messy.	bowl	bucket
Bill changed from having his kids throw up in a bowl to a bucket, because the _ was more clean.	bowl	bucket
Knowing she would be very thirsty on the hike, the woman chose to take the flask instead of the bottle because the _ held less water.	flask	bottle
Knowing she would be very thirsty on the hike, the woman chose to take the flask instead of the bottle because the _ held more water.	flask	bottle
Neil was rather adept at molding clay but Logan didn't have the same skill at it. _ created an odd looking clay bowl.	Neil	Logan
Neil was rather adept at molding clay but Logan didn't have the same skill at it. _ created a magnificent looking clay bowl.	Neil	Logan
The pharmacist took the jars of medicated cream out of the box and put them on the shelf until the _ was empty.	shelf	box
The pharmacist took the jars of medicated cream out of the box and put them on the shelf until the _ was full.	shelf	box
Aaron was heating the sugar mixture in a pot on the stove. He made a real mess because the _ was too small.	pot	mixture
Aaron was heating the sugar mixture in a pot on the stove. He made a real mess because the _ was too big.	pot	mixture
The janitor wanted to put the garbage in the bag but the _  was too small.	garbage	bag
The janitor wanted to put the garbage in the bag but the _  was too large.	garbage	bag
The friendly waitress poured the strong black coffee from the pot into the mug until the _ was empty.	pot	mug
The friendly waitress poured the strong black coffee from the pot into the mug until the _ was full.	pot	mug
Kayla wanted an inexpensive cell phone while Lindsey wanted the latest smart phone. _ purchased an iPhoneXR phone from their cell company store.	Kayla	Lindsey
Kayla wanted an inexpensive cell phone while Lindsey wanted the latest smart phone. _ purchased a flip phone from their cell company store.	Kayla	Lindsey
Donovan chose the apple from the fruit bowl and left the banana, because the _ looked fresh.	banana	apple
Donovan chose the apple from the fruit bowl and left the banana, because the _ looked mushy.	banana	apple
The movers wanted to store the boxes in the offices but the _ were too large.	offices	boxes
The movers wanted to store the boxes in the offices but the _ were too small.	offices	boxes
The man unplugged the electric skillet and plugged in the crockpot, so the _ would warm.	skillet	crockpot
The man unplugged the electric skillet and plugged in the crockpot, so the _ would cool.	skillet	crockpot
The cake won the prize over the cupcake, because the _ was prettier and more delicious.	cake	cupcake
The cake won the prize over the cupcake, because the _ was uglier and less delicious.	cake	cupcake
Giving the baby a bottle was no issue for Robert unlike Brett because _ hated feeding babies.	Robert	Brett
Giving the baby a bottle was no issue for Robert unlike Brett because _ loved feeding babies.	Robert	Brett
Ken's dog preferred eating from the table and not his bowl, because food from the _ seemed ordinary to him.	table	bowl
Ken's dog preferred eating from the table and not his bowl, because food from the _ seemed special to him.	table	bowl
The company called back Erin for an interview but not Jessica because _ had more experience.	Erin	Jessica
The company called back Erin for an interview but not Jessica because _ had less experience.	Erin	Jessica
Mary was invited by Victoria to join a catering company, because _ wanted her to learn how to cook.	Mary	Victoria
Mary was invited by Victoria to join a catering company, but _ didn't know how to cook.	Mary	Victoria
The woman has 1 jar of nuts and 10 jars of beans in her pantry because the _ were scarce.	nuts	beans
The woman has 1 jar of nuts and 10 jars of beans in her pantry because the _ were plentiful.	nuts	beans
She couldn't move the ivy plants to the new pots because the _ were too small.	new pots	ivy plants
She couldn't move the ivy plants to the new pots because the _ were too large.	new pots	ivy plants
The full lobster was eaten by Megan and not Laura, because _ hated to eat seafood.	Megan	Laura
The full lobster was eaten by Megan and not Laura, because _ loved to eat seafood.	Megan	Laura
Samantha got a box of chocolates from Kayla, because _ told them how much they loved sweet treats.	Samantha	Kayla
Samantha got a box of chocolates from Kayla, because _ knew how much they loved sweet treats.	Samantha	Kayla
The manager wanted to set the company up in the office but the _ was too large.	office	company
The manager wanted to set the company up in the office but the _ was too small.	office	company
Bob poured the entire bowl of chips into his mouth for lunch until the _ was empty.	bowl	mouth
Bob poured the entire bowl of chips into his mouth for lunch until the _ was full.	bowl	mouth
The boy tried to put the ball in the bag but the _ was too large.	bag	ball
The boy tried to put the ball in the bag but the _ was too small.	bag	ball
The erupting volcano spewed molten lava, ash and smoke into the sky until the _ was empty.	sky	volcano
The plastic vase fooled no one, but the bowl looked like real silver, since the craftsmanship on the _ was deficient.	vase	bowl
The plastic vase fooled no one, but the bowl looked like real silver, since the craftsmanship on the _ was superior.	vase	bowl
Jumping in the water was never a problem for Jeffrey but it was for Derrick, because _ took boxing lessons as a child.	Jeffrey	Derrick
The new guns that our company bought don't fit in the cases because the _ are too short.	guns	cases
The new guns that our company bought don't fit in the cases because the _ are too long.	guns	cases
Patricia offered to give Rachel some of her potatoes, because _ had many in her pantry.	Patricia	Rachel
Patricia offered to give Rachel some of her potatoes, because _ had none in her pantry.	Patricia	Rachel
Patricia had coffee every morning and always made an extra cup, but Amy always refuse. _ loved the smooth taste.	Patricia	Amy
Patricia had coffee every morning and always made an extra cup, but Amy always refuse. _ couldn't stand the taste.	Patricia	Amy
Leslie chose the wrong size of pants for them self but not Brian because _ was realistic about their figure.	Leslie	Brian
Leslie chose the wrong size of pants for them self but not Brian because _ was delusional about their figure.	Leslie	Brian
Patricia was happy for Elena because _ had a wonderfully kind, generous, and thoughtful boyfriend.	Patricia	Elena
Patricia was happy for Elena because _ had a wonderfully kind, generous, and thoughtful nature.	Patricia	Elena
For his public speaking event, the man chose pants instead of shorts because the _ were appropriate.	shorts	pants
For his public speaking event, the man chose pants instead of shorts because the _ were inappropriate.	shorts	pants
I am reorganizing the kitchen and decided to sell the crockpot instead of the blender because the _ will used more often.	crockpot	blender
I am reorganizing the kitchen and decided to sell the crockpot instead of the blender because the _ will used less often.	crockpot	blender
Mary enjoys cooking muffins, but doesn't really care for cupcakes. To her, the _ are much more satisfying to make.	muffins	cupcakes
Mary enjoys cooking muffins, but doesn't really care for cupcakes. To her, the _ are much more troublesome to make.	muffins	cupcakes
The bottle was broken when the ice formed in it because the _ is small.	ice	bottle
The bottle was broken when the ice formed in it because the _ is big.	ice	bottle
Joseph but not Justin had to buy shampoo because _ did not have a head full of dirty hair.	Joseph	Justin
Joseph but not Justin had to buy shampoo because _ had a head full of dirty hair.	Joseph	Justin
At the barbecue, the collard greens were less of a hit than the mashed potatoes. The _ must have been seasoned just right.	collard greens	mashed potatoes
At the barbecue, the collard greens were less of a hit than the mashed potatoes. The _ must have been over seasoned.	collard greens	mashed potatoes
All of the medication that I bought wouldn't fit in my bag, because the _ was too tiny.	medication	bag
All of the medication that I bought wouldn't fit in my bag, because the _ was too much.	medication	bag
Jeffrey fed their guinea pig alfalfa, while Robert fearfully watched from a distance. _ was scared of guinea pigs.	Jeffrey	Robert
James needs another pot for the flower as it grows. The _ is getting too small.	flower	pot
James needs another pot for the flower as it grows. The _ is getting too big.	flower	pot
The chef wanted to store the apricots inside the bottles but the _ were too small.	bottles	apricots
The chef wanted to store the apricots inside the bottles but the _ were too large.	bottles	apricots
James needed more cups to serve if he was to empty the bottle of water. The _ is small.	cup	bottle
James needed more cups to serve if he was to empty the bottle of water. The _ is big.	cup	bottle
The flowers grew better in the pots than in the ground because there was fertilizer in the _ .	pots	ground
The flowers grew better in the pots than in the ground although there was fertilizer in the _ .	pots	ground
Red was _ s favourite colour, so it comes as no suprise that Monicas house was full of rich warm scarlets and Kaylas wardrobe was all cool metallic greys.	Monica	Kayla
Silver was _ s favourite colour, so it comes as no suprise that Monicas house was full of rich warm scarlets and Kaylas wardrobe was all cool metallic greys.	Monica	Kayla
It took longer for Christopher to carry their groceries from the car than it was for Michael although _ had more bags.	Christopher	Michael
It took longer for Christopher to carry their groceries from the car than it was for Michael because _ had more bags.	Christopher	Michael
The kids cannot carry the trashcan, but the mother thought they could since they were carrying the schoolbag. The _ is way lighter.	trashcan	schoolbag
The kids cannot carry the trashcan, but the mother thought they could since they were carrying the schoolbag. The _ is way heavier.	trashcan	schoolbag
Emily poured the entire bowl of white mushroom into the hot pan on the stove until it the _ was empty.	bowl	pan
Emily poured the entire bowl of white mushroom into the hot pan on the stove until it the _ was full.	bowl	pan
The gardener tried to put the flowers in the cups but the _ were too big.	flowers	cups
The gardener tried to put the flowers in the cups but the _ were too small.	flowers	cups
Leslie thinks the emo look is pretty fresh but Robert thinks it's trashy. _ bought dress pants at the clothing store.	Leslie	Robert
Going to a costume party seemed like a fun time to Robert but not to Nick, so _ went the store and bought a pant suit.	Robert	Nick
Aaron tossed their garbage on the street next to Michael's house, making _ an irritated person.	Aaron	Michael
Aaron tossed their garbage on the street next to Michael's house, making _ an inconsiderate person.	Aaron	Michael
No one could eat the salad without their face frowning and they all want a cup of juice after because the _ is sour.	salad	juice
No one could eat the salad without their face frowning and they all want a cup of juice after because the _ is sweet.	salad	juice
When there is an emergency, you can count on Maria but not on Monica as _  will cope with intense situation with panic.	Maria	Monica
I enjoyed doing things with my group more than with the company, because the _ was lame.	group	company
I enjoyed doing things with my group more than with the company, because the _ was fun.	group	company
Tanya declined to join the singing club after the club leader Maria invited her.  _ abhorred the spotlight.	Tanya	Maria
Tanya declined to join the singing club after the club leader Maria invited her.  _ loved the spotlight.	Tanya	Maria
She ordered the soup instead of the lasagna, because the _ don't suits her full hard food diet.	soup	lasagna
She ordered the soup instead of the lasagna, because the _ suits her full liquid diet.	soup	lasagna
Laura always needed a companion, but not Felicia because _ had a fear of being alone.	Laura	Felicia
Laura always needed a companion, but not Felicia because _ didn't have a fear of being alone.	Laura	Felicia
Ian owned a restaurant and Justin did not so _ knew how to cook rutabaga for customers.	Ian	Justin
Ian owned a restaurant and Justin did not so _ had no idea how to cook rutabaga for customers.	Ian	Justin
Not all students got bags to carry their balls because there were more of the _ available.	bags	balls
Not all students got bags to carry their balls because there were fewer of the _ available.	bags	balls
I did not trust the plane and jumped with my parachute as the _ was full of holes.	plane	parachute
Jill was on a budget. Instead of steaks, she got sweet potatoes to eat because the _ are expensive.	sweet potatoes	steaks
Jill was on a budget. Instead of steaks, she got sweet potatoes to eat because the _ are cheap.	sweet potatoes	steaks
The Olympic had more popularity than the world cup, because the _ were limited in sport types.	olympic	world cup
The Olympic had more popularity than the world cup, because the _ were variant in sport types.	olympic	world cup
In the heat of the moment, Mary smashed the clay bowl Kayla had sculpted. Afterward, _ felt bullied.	Mary	Kayla
In the heat of the moment, Mary smashed the clay bowl Kayla had sculpted. Afterward, _ felt ashamed.	Mary	Kayla
The pot on james table fell on the floor and broke because the _ is fragile.	pot	floor
The pot on james table fell on the floor and broke because the _ is hard.	pot	floor
Alice put her ingredients into the instant pot and turned it on, and she was surprised that the _ helped them cook so quickly.	instant pot	ingredients
Alice put her ingredients into the instant pot and turned it on, and she was surprised that the instant pot helped the _ cook so quickly.	instant pot	ingredients
Christine made a compliment to Jennifer because _ was disappointed with how the potatoes turned out.	Christine	Jennifer
Christine made a compliment to Jennifer because _ was pleased with how the potatoes turned out.	Christine	Jennifer
I wanted some coffee and realized she hid it in the pantry or above the fridge.  I checked above the _ .	fridge	pantry
I wanted some coffee and realized she hid it in the pantry or above the fridge.  I checked behind stuff in the _ .	fridge	pantry
Megan successfully lost their love handles but Betty didn't, because _ hired a personal trainer.	Megan	Betty
Megan successfully lost their love handles but Betty didn't, because _ didn't hire a personal trainer.	Megan	Betty
In the garden, the tomatoes grew faster than the potatoes due to the _ having impotent dirt.	tomatoes	potatoes
In the garden, the tomatoes grew faster than the potatoes due to the _ having fertilized dirt.	tomatoes	potatoes
The garbage can created an obstruction, but the recycle bin was not a problem, because the _ was out of the way of the bicycle.	garbage can	recycle bin
The garbage can created an obstruction, but the recycle bin was not a problem, because the _ was in the way of the bicycle.	garbage can	recycle bin
Betty had to potty train Cynthia in order to enroll them in preschool, because _ was the parent.	Betty	Cynthia
Betty had to potty train Cynthia in order to enroll them in preschool, because _ was a toddler.	Betty	Cynthia
I got some new tools for work, but they didn't fir in my toolboxes because the _ were too weak.	tools	toolboxes
I got some new tools for work, but they didn't fir in my toolboxes because the _ were too heavy.	tools	toolboxes
Randy always keeps their car spotless while Leslie leaves litters around as _ is very sloppy.	Randy	Leslie
Randy always keeps their car spotless while Leslie leaves litters around as _ is very neat.	Randy	Leslie
The woman scooped yogurt from the container into the bowl, until the _ was filled.	container	bowl
The woman scooped yogurt from the container into the bowl, until the _ was depleated.	container	bowl
After the accident, Eric remained calm while Benjamin was panicking because _ was a nervous individual.	Eric	Benjamin
After the accident, Eric remained calm while Benjamin was panicking because _ was a calm individual.	Eric	Benjamin
The cat approached the worn food bowl very slowly because of its trust issues with the new owners. The _ is new.	bowl	food
The cat approached the worn food bowl very slowly because of its trust issues with the new owners. The _ is old.	bowl	food
The pastry chef took biscuits out of the oven and put them into a basket until the _ was full.	oven	basket
The pastry chef took biscuits out of the oven and put them into a basket until the _ was empty.	oven	basket
The juice gotten from the lemon fruit could hardly fill a bottle cap. That is because the _ is small.	cap	juice
The juice gotten from the lemon fruit could hardly fill a bottle cap. That is because the _ is big.	cap	juice
Felicia helped Christine unscrew a watch because _ owned a toolbox that included a small screwdriver.	Felicia	Christine
Felicia helped Christine unscrew a watch because _ did not own a toolbox that included a small screwdriver.	Felicia	Christine
Robert poured the entire cup of water into the pan on the stove until the _ was empty.	cup	pan
Robert poured the entire cup of water into the pan on the stove until the _ was full.	cup	pan
Most of the potluck food looked good, but the meatloaf looked worse than the corn because the _ looked fresh.	meatloaf	corn
Most of the potluck food looked good, but the meatloaf looked worse than the corn because the _ looked scorched.	meatloaf	corn
The lady hated bowling a lot more than basketball because the lady thought the _ was boring.	bowling	basketball
The lady hated bowling a lot more than basketball because the lady thought the _ was fun.	bowling	basketball
I need to plant plants but I need to move the dirt from the hole to the pot. I move the dirt until the _ is empty.	hole	pot
I need to plant plants but I need to move the dirt from the hole to the pot. I move the dirt until the _ is full.	hole	pot
The woman bought a pot and a tulip. The woman added the _ to the pot, and put in dirt.	tulip	pot
The woman bought a pot and a tulip. The woman added the tulip to the _ , and put in dirt.	tulip	pot
Kai cleaned his ceramic pot with a steel wool to get rid of a piece of food stuck but the _ was too fragile, it got scratched.	pot	steel wool
Kai cleaned his ceramic pot with a steel wool to get rid of a piece of food stuck but the _ was too coarse, it got scratched.	pot	steel wool
The cook looked for a bowl to put the soup dish in instead of a plate, because the _ was deep enough to hold the liquid.	bowl	plate
The cook looked for a bowl to put the soup dish n instead of a plate, because the _ was shallow and couldn't hold the liquid.	bowl	plate
The used a box instead of the trap to catch the mouse because the _ was more inhumane.	box	trap
The used a box instead of the trap to catch the mouse because the _ was more humane.	box	trap
Shane poured the entire bowl of red potatoes into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was empty.	bowl	pan
Shane poured the entire bowl of red potatoes into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was full.	bowl	pan
The box would not fit through the door in my house, because the _ was too narrow.	box	door
The box would not fit through the door in my house, because the _ was too wide.	box	door
Tony squeezed lubricant from the tube into a bowl on the counter until the _ was filled up.	bowl	tube
Tony squeezed lubricant from the tube into a bowl on the counter until the _ was emptied out.	bowl	tube
Christine was working online on the computer that Mary dropped a bowling ball onto. _  used the computer.	Christine	Mary
Christine was working online on the computer that Mary dropped a bowling ball onto. _  broke the computer.	Christine	Mary
The bartender poured alcohol from the container into the glass until the _ was empty.	container	glass
The bartender poured alcohol from the container into the glass until the _ was full.	container	glass
The restaurant doors were too full of hungry women arriving for dinner despite unused extra rooms, so the manager locked the _ .	doors	rooms
The restaurant doors were too full of hungry women arriving for dinner despite unused extra rooms, so the manager opened the _ .	doors	rooms
Samantha accidentally spilled their jar of purple glitter all over Amy which made _ s jar empty with sparkly glitter.	Samantha	Amy
He enjoyed the mix of fruit better than the bowl of pretzels because the _ was tasteless.	mix	bowl
He enjoyed the mix of fruit better than the bowl of pretzels because the _ was tastier.	mix	bowl
Jennifer liked animals more than Carrie although _ wanted to get a new box turtle.	Jennifer	Carrie
Jennifer liked animals more than Carrie although _ did not want to get a new box turtle.	Jennifer	Carrie
Tim replied to an email from Cynthia and not Mary since _ wrote her email to Tim full of curses.	Cynthia	Mary
Tim replied to an email from Cynthia and not Mary since _ wrote her email to Tim full of compliments.	Cynthia	Mary
Monica needed to borrow a screwdriver from Lindsey because _ did not have a good tool box.	Monica	Lindsey
Monica needed to borrow a screwdriver from Lindsey because _ had a good tool box.	Monica	Lindsey
He wanted to do the pro wrestling instead of boxing, because the _ was more painful.	wrestling	boxing
He wanted to do the pro wrestling instead of boxing, because the _ was less painful.	wrestling	boxing
The restaurant had just taken the last of the plates away from the tables and back to the sinks, where the _ are full.	plates	sinks
Martha fed her cats lots of cherries even though her vet recommended pears because her pantry was stocked with the _ .	cherries	pears
Martha fed her cats lots of cherries even though her vet recommended pears because her pantry was missing the _ .	cherries	pears
I'm not sure if there is a greater chance of tap or bottle water being bad for you, but I prefer the _ because it comes from my home.	tap	bottle
I'm not sure if there is a greater chance of tap or bottle water being bad for you, but I don't prefer the _ because it comes from strangers.	tap	bottle
I poured the soup from the pan to the plate until the _ was full.	pan	plate
I poured the soup from the pan to the plate until the _ was empty.	pan	plate
The work company replaced the old carpet with new hardwood floors in the lobby. The _ was trendy.	carpet	hardwood
The work company replaced the old carpet with new hardwood floors in the lobby. The _ was old.	carpet	hardwood
Aaron likes to keep their house spotless but Robert doesn't because _ is a neat person.	Aaron	Robert
Aaron likes to keep their house spotless but Robert doesn't because _ is a messy person.	Aaron	Robert
Emily avoided getting the hypothermia that Maria succumbed to, because _ had worn inadequate clothing.	Emily	Maria
Emily avoided getting the hypothermia that Maria succumbed to, because _ had worn appropriate clothing.	Emily	Maria
Jamie poured the entire bowl of fish bones into the sauce pan on the stove until the _ was empty.	bowl	pan
Jamie poured the entire bowl of fish bones into the sauce pan on the stove until the _ was full.	bowl	pan
Annie took the children from the playground into the classroom until the _ was empty.	playground	classroom
Annie took the children from the playground into the classroom until the _ was full.	playground	classroom
The milkshake bob just made to fit in his new cup did not, because the _ was too large.	cup	milkshake
The milkshake bob just made to fit in his new cup did not, because the _ was too small.	cup	milkshake
john poured the entire bag of gold into the treasure chest until the _ was empty.	chest	bag
john poured the entire bag of gold into the treasure chest until the _ was full.	chest	bag
Jessica has a lot more company over to their house than Erin because _ loves to socialize.	Jessica	Erin
Jessica has a lot more company over to their house than Erin because _ hates to socialize.	Jessica	Erin
At the workplace, Miguel likes a bagel in the morning, but not toast. The _ is just more upsetting to his stomach.	bagel	toast
At the workplace, Miguel likes a bagel in the morning, but not toast. The _ is just more soothing to his stomach.	bagel	toast
Adam had a soft spot for goth fashion, which Ian wore, so _ was always nice to them.	Adam	Ian
Adam had a soft spot for goth fashion, which Ian wore, so _ was always appealing to them.	Adam	Ian
Ryan asked his friends for a company when going to Nelson house because _ is scary.	Ryan	Nelson
Ryan asked his friends for a company when going to Nelson house because _ is scared.	Ryan	Nelson
James tried cutting the box with a blade but he failed, so he used a knife and it was a success. It appeared the _ is sharp.	blade	knife
James tried cutting the box with a blade but he failed, so he used a knife and it was a success. It appeared the _ is blunt.	blade	knife
The woman tried to store her box in the home but the _ was too large.	home	box
The woman tried to store her box in the home but the _ was too small.	home	box
The bugs fled the house and raced to the yard since the _ was full of food.	house	yard
The company layoff got Jason , but Michael was unaffected. Consequently, _ was able to make the next rent payment.	Jason	Michael
The company layoff got Jason , but Michael was unaffected. Consequently, _ could not make the next rent payment.	Jason	Michael
Lawrence was afraid to mess with electricity, while Adam was adept with it, so _ would avoid the fuse box.	Lawrence	Adam
Lawrence was afraid to mess with electricity, while Adam was adept with it, so _ would fix the fuse box.	Lawrence	Adam
The storage  on the shelf is not enough to keep the bag. The _ is big.	bag	storage
The storage  on the shelf is not enough to keep the bag. The _ is small.	bag	storage
Naturally there are more earthworms on gardens than there are on lawns. The _ are empty.	Gardens	Lawns
The engineer had to take the pressure off of the box from the ball because the _ would have exploded.	box	ball
The engineer had to take the pressure off of the box from the ball because the _ was too heavy.	box	ball
He got a job doing work for a construction company but it didn't pay well enough - the _ was too low.	work	pay
He got a job doing work for a construction company but it didn't pay well enough - the _ was too strenuous.	work	pay
The cook ladled soup from the pan into the bowl until the _ was empty.	bowl	pan
The cook ladled soup from the pan into the bowl until the _ was full.	bowl	pan
Betty gleefully told Lindsey that she had just booked her dream vacation.  _ was excited.	Betty	Lindsey
Betty gleefully told Lindsey that she had just booked her dream vacation.  _ was happy for her friend.	Betty	Lindsey
We had to use bleach to clean the shirts, but not for the pants, since the _ needed less care.	shirts	pants
We had to use bleach to clean the shirts, but not for the pants, since the _ needed extra care.	shirts	pants
The gym teacher tried to put the ball in the bag but the _ was too small.	bag	ball
The gym teacher tried to put the ball in the bag but the _ was too large.	bag	ball
The pants kept shrinking in the wash, but the socks weren't affected, because the _ were made of solid material.	pants	socks
The pants kept shrinking in the wash, but the socks weren't affected, because the _ were made of malleable material.	pants	socks
He spent years replacing the carpet with wood floors, so the house is full of the _ now.	carpet	wood
He spent years replacing the carpet with wood floors, so the house is empty of the _ now.	carpet	wood
James cannot get the rod into the handle of the bag because the _ is small.	handle	rod
James cannot get the rod into the handle of the bag because the _ is big.	handle	rod
Jessica didn't ever use conditioner on their hair but Jennifer used it regularly. _ had shiny full hair.	Jessica	Jennifer
Rachel owned fewer cookbooks than Tanya, so _ made a different meal for every church potluck while the other dd not.	Rachel	Tanya
Rachel owned more cookbooks than Tanya, so _ made a different meal for every church potluck while the other did not.	Rachel	Tanya
Laura was moving and needed to borrow a box from Tanya because _ did not have any boxes.	Laura	Tanya
Laura was moving and needed to borrow a box from Tanya because _ did have some boxes.	Laura	Tanya
We needed a longer ladder to reach the top of the box because the _ was too short.	ladder	box
We needed a longer ladder to reach the top of the box because the _ was too high.	ladder	box
Brett loved brandy so when he and his roommate Christopher received a bottle as a gift, _ drank all of it.	Brett	Christopher
Brett hated brandy so when he and his roommate Christopher received a bottle as a gift, _ drank all of it.	Brett	Christopher
Nobody wants to eat the cabbage soup of Aaron, but everyone likes Brett's because _ 's is just right.	Aaron	Brett
Nobody wants to eat the cabbage soup of Aaron, but everyone likes Brett's because _ 's is too salty.	Aaron	Brett
Robert was able to reach the bottle that was on the top shelf unlike Samuel, due to _ being short.	Robert	Samuel
Robert was able to reach the bottle that was on the top shelf unlike Samuel, due to _ being tall.	Robert	Samuel
Danika prefers pots with plastic handles over metal handles, because the _ have worse heat resistance.	plastic handles	metal handles
Danika prefers pots with plastic handles over metal handles, because the _ have better heat resistance.	plastic handles	metal handles
There were pangs of hunger in her belly so Maria wanted to eat something. She chose an apple instead of bread since the _ was fresh.	apple	bread
There were pangs of hunger in her belly so Maria wanted to eat something. She chose an apple instead of bread since the _ was old.	apple	bread
Lawrence was thirsty and Nelson had a bottle of water, so _ got the bottle from them.	Lawrence	Nelson
Lawrence was thirsty and Nelson had a bottle of water, so _ gave the bottle to them.	Lawrence	Nelson
Robert invited Joseph into his big tent on a spring camping trip, because _ wanted some company.	Robert	Joseph
The painter took brushes out of his truck and put them on the table until the _ was full.	truck	table
The painter took brushes out of his truck and put them on the table until the _ was empty.	truck	table
After Lawrence finished shipping all of the boxes to Steven, _ had a much emptier warehouse.	Lawrence	Steven
After Lawrence finished shipping all of the boxes to Steven, _ had a much fuller warehouse.	Lawrence	Steven
Jeff stopped working with his company and chose to work with the freelancing agency because the _ was authoritative.	company	agency
Jeff stopped working with his company and chose to work with the freelancing agency because the _ was flexible.	company	agency
Bob the builder had to go to Home Depot and get glue for the construction but kept his material because the _ was still fine.	glue	material
Bob the builder had to go to Home Depot and get glue for the construction but kept his material because the _ had run out.	glue	material
The maid tried to pour the tea into the paper cup but the _ was too hot.	tea	cup
The maid tried to pour the tea into the paper cup but the _ was too soft.	tea	cup
Katrina had a better parking spot than Samantha because _ was farther from the grocery store.	Katrina	Samantha
Katrina had a better parking spot than Samantha because _ was closer to the grocery store.	Katrina	Samantha
The little boy poured milk from the carton into his cereal bowl until the _ was full.	bowl	carton
The little boy poured milk from the carton into his cereal bowl until the _ was empty.	bowl	carton
He finally threw the old birthday cards he had been saving in a drawer for years in the trash, when he was done the _ was full.	trash	drawer
He finally threw the old birthday cards he had been saving in a drawer for years in the trash, when he was done the _ was empty.	trash	drawer
The boy wanted to put the game inside the box but the _ was too small.	box	game
The boy wanted to put the game inside the box but the _ was too big.	box	game
The coroner tried to put the body in the bag but the _ was too small.	body	bag
The coroner tried to put the body in the bag but the _ was too large.	body	bag
They bought them candies instead of potato chips, because they hate the _ and other salty chips.	candies	potato chips
They bought them candies instead of potato chips, because they love the _ and other sweets.	candies	potato chips
The egg cooked more evenly in the pan than on the sheet, because the _ was poorly designed.	sheet	pan
The egg cooked more evenly in the pan than on the sheet, because the _ was well designed.	sheet	pan
The tattoos of Christopher were mainly Japanese style compared to Lawrence's because _ disliked that style.	Christopher	Lawrence
The tattoos of Christopher were mainly Japanese style compared to Lawrence's because _ loved that style.	Christopher	Lawrence
Billy poured the entire bottle of brake fluid into the cup until the _ was empty.	bottle	cup
Billy poured the entire bottle of brake fluid into the cup until the _ was full.	bottle	cup
I went to park my boat in the local marina but I couldn't because the _ was too full.	marina	boat
The clothes that I wanted to take on the trip, didn't fit in the bags because the _ were too tiny.	clothes	bags
The clothes that I wanted to take on the trip, didn't fit in the bags because the _ were too large.	clothes	bags
The bag tore up again under the force of the load after James used the glue to hold it together. The _ is weak.	load	glue
The bag tore up again under the force of the load after James used the glue to hold it together. The _ is heavy.	load	glue
When it comes to make adjustments in the workplace, Rachel is more capable than Mary because _  can think outside the box.	Rachel	Mary
When it comes to make adjustments in the workplace, Rachel is more capable than Mary because _  is incapable of thinking outside the box.	Rachel	Mary
Jay poured the entire cup of water into the bowl on the counter until the _ was empty.	cup	bowl
Jay poured the entire cup of water into the bowl on the counter until the _ was full.	cup	bowl
After the interview, Tanya hired Sarah to work for her company because _ was impressive.	Tanya	Sarah
After the interview, Tanya hired Sarah to work for her company because _ was impressed.	Tanya	Sarah
The stick was swallowed in the pot of juice it was meant to be stirred. The _ is short.	stick	pot
The stick was swallowed in the pot of juice it was meant to be stirred. The _ is tall.	stick	pot
Donald is new in the company and asks his boss, Brian for help, because _ is already at the top.	Donald	Brian
Donald is new in the company and asks his boss, Brian for help, because _ want to get to the top.	Donald	Brian
Christine ran and picked up a laser gun before Jessica because _ had spotted the laser gun first.	Christine	Jessica
Christine ran and picked up a laser gun before Jessica because _ had spotted the laser gun last.	Christine	Jessica
The man packed his things in a box instead of a bag because the _ held less items.	box	bag
The man packed his things in a box instead of a bag because the _ held more items.	box	bag
The eggs in the basket broke when dropped, but the ones in the bowl did not, because the eggs in the _ were raw.	basket	bowl
The eggs in the basket broke when dropped, but the ones in the bowl did not, because the eggs in the _ were hard boiled.	basket	bowl
Ed poured the entire bottle of salt into the hot sauce pan on the stone until the _ was empty.	bottle	pan
Ed poured the entire bottle of salt into the hot sauce pan on the stone until the _ was full.	bottle	pan
Nicole wanted to clean the refrigerator so she took the food out and put it on the counter until the _ was empty.	refrigerator	counter
Nicole wanted to clean the refrigerator so she took the food out and put it on the counter until the _ was full.	refrigerator	counter
The industrious chicken keeper took eggs from the nest and put them in her basket until the _ was full.	basket	nest
The industrious chicken keeper took eggs from the nest and put them in her basket until the _ was empty.	basket	nest
The steam escaped from a pan but not from a pot, because the _ had a tight lid.	pan	pot
The steam escaped from a pan but not from a pot, because the _ had a loose lid.	pan	pot
The wine bottle that I bought from the local store won't fit in the holder because the _ is too light.	wine	holder
The wine bottle that I bought from the local store won't fit in the holder because the _ is too heavy.	wine	holder
Nelson went to the back to get a loan from Joseph for their company because _ was lending money.	Nelson	Joseph
Nelson went to the back to get a loan from Joseph for their company because _ was borrowing money.	Nelson	Joseph
The Pope preferred to meditate in the empty cloister instead of the garden that many cardinals were talking in because the _ was loud.	cloister	garden
The Pope preferred to meditate in the empty cloister instead of the garden that many cardinals were talking in because the _ was quiet.	cloister	garden
Cabbage went well with sausage but not with ham, as the flavor of the _ clashed with it.	sausage	ham
Cabbage went well with sausage but not with ham, as the flavor of the _ matched with it.	sausage	ham
While waiting on his shirt in the dryer, Jack had to run to the mailbox in just his underwear since the _ was wet.	underwear	shirt
While waiting on his shirt in the dryer, Jack had to run to the mailbox in just his underwear since the _ was dry.	underwear	shirt
At the company picnic, Leslie stayed at the shallow end of the pond and Craig stayed at the deep end, because _ was unaccomplished at swimming.	Leslie	Craig
At the company picnic, Leslie stayed at the shallow end of the pond and Craig stayed at the deep end, because _ was proficient at swimming.	Leslie	Craig
Jessica's pot scrubber needed to be replaced soon because the _ was becoming increasingly flattened.	scrubber	pot
Jessica's pot scrubber needed to be replaced soon because the _ was becoming increasingly harder to clean.	scrubber	pot
Jenny washed her sweaters for the trip but not the pants, because the _ were less dirty.	sweaters	pants
Jenny washed her sweaters for the trip but not the pants, because the _ were too dirty.	sweaters	pants
We added garlic to the omelette, but not to the potato, since the _ worked poorly with the flavor.	omelette	potato
We added garlic to the omelette, but not to the potato, since the _ worked well with the flavor.	omelette	potato
Rebecca made potions in the video game while Lindsey made a sword because _ needed more healing.	Rebecca	Lindsey
Rebecca made potions in the video game while Lindsey made a sword because _ needed more weapons.	Rebecca	Lindsey
The mother brought more diapers than bottles to the daycare center, because more of the _ were needed.	diapers	bottles
The mother brought more diapers than bottles to the daycare center, because less of the _ were needed.	diapers	bottles
Rick poured the vodka from a bottle into his flask until the _ was full.	bottle	flask
Rick poured the vodka from a bottle into his flask until the _ was empty.	bottle	flask
I took everything out of the bowl and put it in the jar since the _ was bigger.	bowl	jar
I took everything out of the bowl and put it in the jar since the _ was too small.	bowl	jar
Christopher always gets knocked down by Steven when they fight each other in the boxing ring. _ is weak.	Christopher	Steven
Christopher always gets knocked down by Steven when they fight each other in the boxing ring. _ is strong.	Christopher	Steven
Brian's ribeye steak was burned unlike Ian's because _ overcooked it in the cast iron pan.	Brian	Ian
Brian's ribeye steak was burned unlike Ian's because _ didn't overcook it in the cast iron pan.	Brian	Ian
The chemist poured the liquid out of the flask and into the container until the _ was empty.	flask	container
The chemist poured the liquid out of the flask and into the container until the _ was almost full.	flask	container
Karen was filling the jewelry display at her store from the new box of products that were shipped in. By that afternoon, the _ was empty.	display	box
Karen was filling the jewelry display at her store from the new box of products that were shipped in. By that afternoon, the _ was full.	display	box
I decided to sew the pillows instead of bags because the _ are easier to sew.	pillows	bags
I decided to sew the pillows instead of bags because the _ are harder to sew.	pillows	bags
Rachel's protein pancakes tasted horrible unlike Cynthia's because _ remembered to add in sugar before cooking.	Rachel	Cynthia
Rachel's protein pancakes tasted horrible unlike Cynthia's because _ forgot to add in sugar before cooking.	Rachel	Cynthia
Jason collected a bunch of furniture from Lawrence's house, because _ was emptying their living room.	Jason	Lawrence
The diner cook added vegetables from the bin to the pot of soup on the stove until the _ was empty.	pot	bin
The diner cook added vegetables from the bin to the pot of soup on the stove until the _ was full.	pot	bin
Logan was in a better spot in life unlike Aaron because _ had so much anxiety built up.	Logan	Aaron
Logan was in a troubled spot in life unlike Aaron because _ had so much anxiety built up.	Logan	Aaron
He was trying to measure the height of the box using a ruler, but had to switch to a larger ruler because the _ is too short.	box	ruler
He was trying to measure the height of the box using a ruler, but had to switch to a larger ruler because the _ is too tall.	box	ruler
The supervisor had to manage the tablets but not the phones because the _ were company owned.	tablets	phones
On the red carpet Jennifer spots the A-list celebrity Elena, but _ won't give an autograph.	Jennifer	Elena
On the red carpet Jennifer spots the A-list celebrity Elena, so _ asks for an autograph.	Jennifer	Elena
Mary poured the entire red wine bottle into the tall glass until the _ was empty.	bottle	glass
Mary poured the entire red wine bottle into the tall glass until the _ was full.	bottle	glass
Mary poured the entire bottle of white wine alcohol into her cup until the _ was full.	bottle	cup
Mary poured the entire bottle of white wine alcohol into her cup until the _ was empty.	bottle	cup
John poured the entire cup of acid into the bowl on the counter until the _ was full.	cup	bowl
John poured the entire cup of acid into the bowl on the counter until the _ was empty.	cup	bowl
The pot got broken as the tree grew inside it because the _ is now too small.	tree	pot
The pot got broken as the tree grew inside it because the _ is now too big.	tree	pot
Bill poured hot water from the bowl into the bath tub until the _ was empty.	bowl	tub
Bill poured hot water from the bowl into the bath tub until the _ was full.	bowl	tub
Samantha seems to always have a liquor bottle in their hand while Patricia didn't, so _ looked drunk.	Samantha	Patricia
Samantha seems to always have a liquor bottle in their hand while Patricia didn't, so _ looked sober.	Samantha	Patricia
Katrina had a preppy clothing style but not Maria because _ was always wearing pleated pants.	Katrina	Maria
Katrina had a preppy clothing style but not Maria because _ was always wearing ripped pants.	Katrina	Maria
The groom wanted to hide the ring in the box but the _ was too small.	box	ring
The groom wanted to hide the ring in the box but the _ was too large.	box	ring
The hammer struck a blow but failed to crush the box, as the _ was too strong.	hammer	box
The hammer struck a blow but failed to crush the box, as the _ was too weak.	hammer	box
The man tried to put the bag inside the cabinet but the _ was too small.	cabinet	bag
The man tried to put the bag inside the cabinet but the _ was too large.	cabinet	bag
Selma wanted to pour a pound of sugar into the box but the _ was too large.	box	pound of sugar
Selma wanted to pour a pound of sugar into the box but the _ was too small.	box	pound of sugar
Betty has a lot more money than Rebecca because _ just won the huge jackpot.	Betty	Rebecca
Betty has a lot less money than Rebecca because _ just won the huge jackpot.	Betty	Rebecca
Mark put the t shirts in the washing machine and the pants in the dryer, because the _ were wet.	t shirts	pants
Mark put the t shirts in the washing machine and the pants in the dryer, because the _ were dirty.	t shirts	pants
I dumped almonds and pistachios from the bag into the bowl until the _ was empty.	bag	bowl
I dumped almonds and pistachios from the bag into the bowl until the _ was full.	bag	bowl
Diane poured water from the pitcher into the cat's bowl until the _ was empty.	pitcher	bowl
Diane poured water from the pitcher into the cat's bowl until the _ was full.	pitcher	bowl
While grilling outside, he moved the steaks from the grill to the plate, so the _ became empty.	plate	grill
While grilling outside, he moved the steaks from the grill to the plate, so the _ became full.	plate	grill
We needed a makeshift watering can, so we went with a bottle instead of a bowl as the _ was unwieldy.	bottle	bowl
We needed a makeshift watering can, so we went with a bottle instead of a bowl as the _ was portable.	bottle	bowl
Having several bottles of high-priced perfume to choose from made Jason happy but not Donald because _ had inexpensive taste.	Jason	Donald
Having several bottles of high-priced perfume to choose from made Jason happy but not Donald because _ had expensive taste.	Jason	Donald
Kyle omitted potatoes from the dinner menu with Ian, knowing that _ couldn't find nightshades in season.	Kyle	Ian
Kyle omitted potatoes from the dinner menu with Ian, knowing that _ couldn't digest nightshades.	Kyle	Ian
Cooking the potatoes in the stew took less time than the broccoli because the _ was ripe.	potatoes	broccoli
Cooking the potatoes in the stew took less time than the broccoli because the _ was unripe.	potatoes	broccoli
Mike used a new notebook for his notes instead of his notepad, since the _ was full .	notebook	notepad
As Maria was approaching Elena, she slowed and picked her steps carefully, as _ was always easy to surprise.	Maria	Elena
As Maria was approaching Elena, she slowed and picked her steps carefully, as _ was always eager to surprise.	Maria	Elena
Ryan was elated when the seeds grew for Leslie's pot, but _ despised their growth.	Ryan	Leslie
Ryan was elated when the seeds grew for Leslie's pot, and _ congratulated their growth.	Ryan	Leslie
Bob emptied the entire bowl of white onion into the pan on the stove until the _ was full.	pan	bowl
Bob emptied the entire bowl of white onion into the pan on the stove until the _ was empty.	pan	bowl
James cannot carry the bag handed to him, so he decided to pick the box instead. The _ is heavy.	bag	box
James cannot carry the bag handed to him, so he decided to pick the box instead. The _ is light.	bag	box
The delivery driver took the water bottles out of the truck and put them on the shelf in the store until the _ was empty.	truck	shelf
The delivery driver took the water bottles out of the truck and put them on the shelf in the store until the _ was full.	truck	shelf
I poured the flour from the container into the bowl until the _ was empty.	container	bowl
I poured the flour from the container into the bowl until the _ was full.	container	bowl
Nelson conducted a job interview with Nick because _ wanted to be hired to a company.	Nelson	Nick
Nelson conducted a job interview with Nick because _ wanted to hire for their company.	Nelson	Nick
The plant could not grow in the pot and it was transferred to the jar where it flourished. The _ is deep.	pot	jar
The plant could not grow in the pot and it was transferred to the jar where it flourished. The _ is shallow.	pot	jar
Benjamin told Lawrence that he would volunteer to calculate the company's retained earnings.  _ was grateful.	Benjamin	Lawrence
Benjamin told Lawrence that he would volunteer to calculate the company's retained earnings.  _ was generous.	Benjamin	Lawrence
I wanted to make the pancakes on the stove instead of the microwave even though it is slower to make them on the _ .	microwave	stove
I wanted to make the pancakes on the stove instead of the microwave but it is faster to make them in the _ .	microwave	stove
The shirt had been touched by the bleach but the pants had not because the _ had white splotches.	pants	shirt
The pants had been touched by the bleach but the shirt had not because the _ had white splotches.	pants	shirt
Katrina would always mismatch the colors their socks and pants unlike Sarah, so _ had good style.	Katrina	Sarah
Katrina would always mismatch the colors their socks and pants unlike Sarah, so _ had bad style.	Katrina	Sarah
The baseboard got damaged under the box that John placed on it. The _ is very weak.	box	baseboard
The baseboard got damaged under the box that John placed on it. The _ is very heavy.	box	baseboard
John realized he needed to scoop several spoonful of butter to empty the bucket because the _ is too small.	spoon	bucket
John realized he needed to scoop several spoonful of butter to empty the bucket because the _ is too big.	spoon	bucket
Christine tried to sell Cynthia a bag. _ was outraged to see that the bag was all scratched up.	Christine	Cynthia
Christine tried to sell Cynthia a bag. _ was ashamed to know that the bag was all scratched up.	Christine	Cynthia
Cropped pants were always too long on Rachel, but looked great on Amy, because _ was much shorter.	Rachel	Amy
Cropped pants were always too long on Rachel, but looked great on Amy, because _ was much taller.	Rachel	Amy
the medicine in the bottle had to overflow as i was pouring it in, the _ was too small.	bottle	medicine
the medicine in the bottle had to overflow as i was pouring it in, the _ was too much.	bottle	medicine
Anna had to pull all the sugar from the container into the bowl until the _ was empty.	container	bowl
Anna had to pull all the sugar from the container into the bowl until the _ was full.	container	bowl
The beach was a prime spot for Tanya to lay and soak up the sun while Betty was having fun in the water for _ was on the sand.	Tanya	Betty
The beach was a prime spot for Tanya to lay and soak up the sun while Betty was having fun in the water for _ was surfing.	Tanya	Betty
Kayla wanted to try a new cupcake recipe for Jennifer's birthday, but _ didn't like trying new things.	Kayla	Jennifer
Kayla wanted to try a new cupcake recipe for Jennifer's birthday, because _ liked making new things.	Kayla	Jennifer
Sara moved the food from the pan onto the dish until the _ was empty.	dish	pan
Sara moved the food from the pan onto the dish until the _ was covered.	dish	pan
The man at the office was more panicked than the man at the park because the _ was less calm.	park	office
Derrick's Spanish speaking is native, while Craig can't speak it. _ lives in Mexico City.	Derrick	Craig
Derrick's Spanish speaking is native, while Craig can't speak it. _ lives in the US.	Derrick	Craig
The pancakes that I had yesterday were better than the muffins today, because the _ were fresher.	pancakes	muffins
The pancakes that I had yesterday were better than the muffins today, because the _ were older.	pancakes	muffins
The company contracted to build an office instead of an apartment, as the _ was an area of naivite for them.	office	apartment
The company contracted to build an office instead of an apartment, as the _ was an area of expertise for them.	office	apartment
Michael gave Ryan his large box of Cuban cigars because cigars always made _ very sick.	Michael	Ryan
Michael gave Ryan his large box of Cuban cigars because cigars always made _ very happy.	Michael	Ryan
The sales clerk tried to put the collar into the box but it would not fit because the _ was too big.	box	collar
The sales clerk tried to put the collar into the box but it would not fit because the _ was too small.	box	collar
Erin is a frequent user of Google, but Natalie never goes on there because _ hates the company.	Erin	Natalie
Erin is a frequent user of Google, but Natalie never goes on there because _ loves the company.	Erin	Natalie
Jenna filled out the paperwork to file a claim against the construction company, even though the _ was very long.	paperwork	claim
Jenna filled out the paperwork to file a claim against the construction company, even though the _ was very risky.	paperwork	claim
Most women generally prefer wearing pants then dresses because the _ are more comfortable to wear.	pants	dresses
Most women generally prefer wearing pants then dresses because the _ are less comfortable to wear.	pants	dresses
The hard working chemist took the chemicals from the box and put them into the refrigerator until the _ was full.	box	refrigerator
The hard working chemist took the chemicals from the box and put them into the refrigerator until the _ was empty.	box	refrigerator
Grace was trying to avoid swapping with me her dress for my sweater. She thinks my _ is too baggy on her.	sweater	dress
While they were knitting sweaters, Logan did poorly while Ryan was skillful, so the sweater of _ turned out beautifully.	Logan	Ryan
Nelson had fun hiking while Donald had fun playing console video games, and _ often spent time on an Xbox.	Nelson	Donald
James wanted to drink his cup of coffee but he could not until he added some water to cool it down. The _ is hot.	water	coffee
James wanted to drink his cup of coffee but he could not until he added some water to cool it down. The _ is cold.	water	coffee
The florist took the long-stemmed roses from the refrigerator and put them in the vase until the _ was full.	refrigerator	vase
The florist took the long-stemmed roses from the refrigerator and put them in the vase until the _ was empty.	refrigerator	vase
Jim knew he needed more fibre and less fat in his diet. The _ kept him feeling full and regular.	fibre	fat
The worker tried to store the tubes in the small boxes but the _ were too large.	boxes	tubes
The worker tried to store the tubes in the small boxes but the _ were too small.	boxes	tubes
The rice in the bowl tasted better than the rice in the cup, because the _ held a batch that was well cooked.	bowl	cup
The rice in the bowl tasted better than the rice in the cup, because the _ held a batch that was under cooked.	bowl	cup
Lawrence wanted to learn to improve their self confidence from Justin as _ was comfortable in company.	Lawrence	Justin
Lawrence wanted to learn to  improve their self confidence from Justin as _  was awkward  in company.	Lawrence	Justin
I need to transfer cleaning solution from a bottle to a cup until the _ is full.	bottle	cup
I need to transfer cleaning solution from a bottle to a cup until the _ is empty.	bottle	cup
The land connection worked much better than the wi-fi because the _ was spotty.	wi-fi	land connection
Derrick liked to hit the bottle early, while Craig waited until the evening, since _ was usually abstinent with alcohol.	Derrick	Craig
Derrick liked to hit the bottle early, while Craig waited until the evening, since _ was usually indulgent with alcohol.	Derrick	Craig
Lisa used the shampoo in her hair but not the conditioner because the _ was empty.	conditioner	shampoo
Natalie won the presentation part of the chef contest over Victoria , as _ beautifully garnished the plate .	Natalie	Victoria
The companies had trouble buying the desks, but not the chairs, because the _ were costly.	desks	chairs
The companies had trouble buying the desks, but not the chairs, because the _ were affordable.	desks	chairs
We decided to go to the bowling alley instead of the movie theater because the _ was closing later.	bowling alley	movie theater
We decided to go to the bowling alley instead of the movie theater because the _ was closing earlier.	bowling alley	movie theater
I picked up my blue cup that was by the sink while I was doing the dishes but there was nothing in it. The _ was empty.	cup	sink
I picked up my blue cup that was by the sink while I was doing the dishes but there was nothing in it. The _ was full.	cup	sink
Kayla looked so much better in spandex than Natalie did because _ was so portly.	Kayla	Natalie
Kayla looked so much better in spandex than Natalie did because _ was so slender.	Kayla	Natalie
Joel was chosen over Eric to be the next CEO of the company, even though _ had more experience.	Joel	Eric
Joel was chosen over Eric to be the next CEO of the company, even though _ had less experience.	Joel	Eric
The red potatoes are soft but the carrots are still hard. The _  are not ready.	potatoes	carrots
The red potatoes are soft but the carrots are still hard. The _ are ready.	potatoes	carrots
Since Erin rented while Monica owned a house with a garage, _ parked their car in an assigned, numbered spot when it snowed.	Erin	Monica
I was unable to fit the training into my schedule because the _ was too full.	training	schedule
Logan spent days organising the event that Justin was going to attend, because _ was a conference participant.	Logan	Justin
The frosting slid off the cake but stayed on the cupcake, as the _ had an ideal surface to apply it on.	cake	cupcake
The frosting slid off the cake but stayed on the cupcake, as the _ had a poor surface to apply it on.	cake	cupcake
The bartender poured the juice from the blender into the cocktail glass until the _ was empty.	glass	blender
The bartender poured the juice from the blender into the cocktail glass until the _ was full.	glass	blender
The leg of Emily started to gangrene when Carrie spotted it immediately and _ refused to see the doctor where the leg was lost.	Emily	Carrie
The leg of Emily started to gangrene when Carrie spotted it immediately and _ took him to the doctor where the leg was saved.	Emily	Carrie
The market didn't last in our neighborhood like the salon did, because the _ was always empty.	market	salon
Zora used the pestle to move the herbs around in the bowl, because the _ was harder to grasp.	pestle	bowl
Zora used the pestle to move the herbs around in the bowl, because the _ was easier to grasp.	pestle	bowl
She left the bookstore with a bag of books and DVDs. The _ would be useful when she's away from home.	DVDs	books
She left the bookstore with a bag of books and DVDs. The _ would be useful when she's too tired to read.	DVDs	books
Emily was having trouble opening the champagne bottle when Elena offered to help, but _ said no.	Emily	Elena
Emily was having trouble opening the champagne bottle when Elena offered to help, so _ opened it.	Emily	Elena
I poured the brown gravy from the pot into serving dish until the _ was empty.	pot	dish
I poured the brown gravy from the pot into the dish until the _ was full.	pot	dish
John poured the entire bowl of water into his bath tub until the _ was empty.	bowl	bath tub
John poured the entire bowl of water into his bath tub until the _ was full.	bowl	bath tub
Mary poured the entire bottle of cleaning soap into the bath until the _ was full.	bottle	bath
Mary poured the entire bottle of cleaning soap into the bath until the _ was empty.	bottle	bath
John fertilized the lawn but not the potted plant so the _ was more green.	potted plant	lawn
John fertilized the lawn but not the potted plant so the _ was more brown.	potted plant	lawn
Derrick convinced Randy to file a lawsuit against the company, and _ offered to help fill out the papers.	Derrick	Randy
Derrick convinced Randy to file a lawsuit against the company, but _ didn't want to fill out the papers.	Derrick	Randy
I was easy for Amy but not Lindsey to build muscle because _ worked out and ate a diet full of protein.	Amy	Lindsey
I was easy for Amy but not Lindsey to build muscle because _ had not worked out and had not eaten a diet full of protein.	Amy	Lindsey
There is a lot less food in the pantry of Emily and not Maria, because _ is wealthy.	Emily	Maria
There is a lot less food in the pantry of Emily and not Maria, because _ is poor.	Emily	Maria
Bob just got fired and needed to spend less. He got potatoes instead of ribeyes to eat because the _ are expensive.	potatoes	ribeyes
Bob just got fired and needed to spend less. He got potatoes instead of ribeyes to eat because the _ are cheap.	potatoes	ribeyes
Craig lost the promotion at their current company to Nelson, because _ failed to show up on time.	Craig	Nelson
Craig lost the promotion at their current company to Nelson, in spite of _ failing to show up on time.	Craig	Nelson
Nelson is assigning Steven with the job of collecting the panpipes, _ is team leader in band class.	Nelson	Steven
Nelson is assigning Steven with the job of collecting the panpipes, _ is a flute player  in band class.	Nelson	Steven
Brett had to introduce Christopher to all the important things in the company, because _ is a junior developer.	Brett	Christopher
Brett had to introduce Christopher to all the important things in the company, because _ is a senior developer.	Brett	Christopher
Eric asked Ian to teach their child how speak Spanish because _ didn't understand the language.	Eric	Ian
Eric asked Ian to teach their child how to speak Spanish because _ spoke the language fluently.	Eric	Ian
James placed a box on the shaving stick and it got broken. He hated that the _ is fragile.	stick	box
James placed a box on the shaving stick and it got broken. He hated that the _ is heavy.	stick	box
I tried to set the plant in the pot, but it didn't work because the _ was too small.	plant	pot
I tried to set the plant in the pot, but it didn't work because the _ was too large.	plant	pot
I tried to pour the water into the bottle, but I couldn't do it because the _ was too tiny.	water	bottle
I tried to pour the water into the bottle, but I couldn't do it because the _ was too much.	water	bottle
When they go shopping Adam always uses paper bag but Robert uses plastic as _ is ignorant of environment.	Adam	Robert
When they go shopping Adam always uses paper bag but Robert uses plastic as _ is conscious of environment.	Adam	Robert
Kenneth loves to eat boiled cabbage but Logan hates boiled cabbage. _ ordered roast beef and potatoes for dinner.	Kenneth	Logan
Kenneth loves to eat boiled cabbage but Logan hates boiled cabbage. _ ordered corned beef and cabbage for dinner.	Kenneth	Logan
Rachel always made sure to be a healthy weight but not Patricia because _ has a couch potato lifestyle.	Rachel	Patricia
The teacher tried to get all the shapes into the boxes but the _ were too large.	boxes	shapes
The teacher tried to get all the shapes into the boxes but the _ were too small.	boxes	shapes
Rebecca walked carefully around the puddle while Katrina splashed through it,  _ liked to be muddy.	Rebecca	Katrina
Rebecca walked carefully around the puddle while Katrina splashed through it,  _ liked to be clean.	Rebecca	Katrina
Earl put the tool box in the bed instead of in the cab because the _ was empty.	bed	cab
Earl put the tool box in the bed instead of in the cab because the _ was full..	bed	cab
While shopping, Jason could only get the shoes and not the pants in the store because the _ were affordable.	shoes	pants
While shopping, Jason could only get the shoes and not the pants in the store because the _ were expensive.	shoes	pants
The package said to cook the meat in a skillet but sally decided to use a pan instead. The _ didn't have a lid and would cook slower.	skillet	pan
The package said to cook the meat in a skillet but sally decided to use a pan instead. The _ had a lid and would cook faster.	skillet	pan
My marriage is a lot better than my last relationship because the _ was full of hate.	marriage	relationship
My marriage is a lot better than my last relationship because the _ is full of joy.	marriage	relationship
She wanted to do a salad for lunch instead of making a full course meal, because the _ was more complex.	salad	meal
She wanted to do a salad for lunch instead of making a full course meal, because the _ was simpler.	salad	meal
Bill poured the entire bag of soil into the flower pot until the _ was empty.	bag	pot
Bill poured the entire bag of soil into the flower pot until the _ was full.	bag	pot
Allen wanted to put his new tool in the toolbox, but the _ was too big.	tool	toolbox
Allen wanted to put his new tool in the toolbox, bu the _ was too small.	tool	toolbox
I ate cereal from the bowl that went to my stomach. That made the _ emptier.	bowl	stomach
I ate cereal from the bowl that went to my stomach. That made the _ fuller.	bowl	stomach
Katrina tried to pour a cup of apple juice for Laura but _ overfilled the glass.	Katrina	Laura
Katrina tried to pour a cup of apple juice for Laura but _ didn't want the drink.	Katrina	Laura
Eric took less time in security than Dennis did before the flight because _ had less baggage.	Eric	Dennis
Eric took a longer time in security than Dennis did before the flight because _ had less baggage.	Eric	Dennis
The young mother put oatmeal from the pan into the dish until the _ was full.	pan	dish
The young mother put oatmeal from the pan into the dish until the _ was empty.	pan	dish
Tim poured the bacon grease from the jar into the pan until the _ was empty.	jar	pan
Tim poured the bacon grease from the jar into the pan until the _ was full.	jar	pan
I applied for a visa for Japan to go in my passport, but it couldn't because the _ had no empty page.	visa	passport
I applied for a visa for Japan to go in my passport, but it couldn't because the _ took up a full page.	visa	passport
Bob poured the entire bowl of oysters into the hot pot on the stove until the _ was full.	bowl	pot
Bob poured the entire bowl of oysters into the hot pot on the stove until the _ was empty.	bowl	pot
The gardener tried to throw the roots away in the bags but the _ were too small.	bags	roots
The gardener tried to throw the roots away in the bags but the _ were too large.	bags	roots
On the camping trip he discovered a hole in his sleeping bag so he couldn't get warm due to the _ being damaged.	hole	sleeping bag
On the camping trip he discovered a hole in his sleeping bag he couldn't get warm due to the _ in it.	hole	sleeping bag
The boy was crying to hand over the bag in his hand to the elder brother and collect the box because the _ is light.	bag	box
The boy was crying to hand over the bag in his hand to the elder brother and collect the box because the _ is heavy.	bag	box
At the bowling alley Laura accidentally dropped a heavy bowling ball on Samantha's foot, so _ apologized profusely.	Laura	Samantha
At the bowling alley Laura accidentally dropped a heavy bowling ball on Samantha's foot, so _ cursed loudly.	Laura	Samantha
The company built the structure using steel but not iron because the _ was costly.	steel	iron
The company built the structure using steel but not iron because the _ was integral.	steel	iron
The farmer took the turkeys out of the barn and put them in the pen until the _ was empty.	pen	barn
The farmer took the turkeys out of the barn and put them in the pen until the _ was full.	pen	barn
Although the job interview went poorly for Ryan and well for Michael, the company declined _ for the job in spite of this.	Ryan	Michael
Although the job interview went poorly for Ryan and well for Michael, the company accepted _ for the job in spite of this.	Ryan	Michael
The cement was poured by Braden from the wheelbarrow into the hole in the spacious backyard until the _ was full.	wheelbarrow	hole
The cement was poured by Braden from the wheelbarrow into the hole in the spacious backyard until the _ was empty.	wheelbarrow	hole
The company that I worked for wanted to move into a new space, but it didn't move because the _ was too small.	company	space
The company that I worked for wanted to move into a new space, but it didn't move because the _ was too big.	company	space
Bobby poured the entire bottle of oil into the pan on the counter until the _ was empty.	bottle	pan
Bobby poured the entire bottle of oil into the pan on the counter until the _ was full.	bottle	pan
Carol used the new pan on the electric stove and not an old pot because the _ was dirty.	stove	pot
Carol used the new pan on the electric stove and not an old pot because the _ was clean.	stove	pot
Ben needed to work on the sculpture and food, but he did the _ first because he was full.	food	sculpture
James found out the water floating on the pot after he watered it with a can. He should have known the _ is too small.	water	pot
James found out the water floating on the pot after he watered it with a can. He should have known the _ is too much.	water	pot
The winner of the cupcake contest was Felicia and not Katrina because _ was persistent.	Felicia	Katrina
The winner of the cupcake contest was Felicia and not Katrina because _ was irresolute.	Felicia	Katrina
Having outgrown diapers, the child switched to shorts but not pants, as the _ fit perfectly.	shorts	pants
Having outgrown diapers, the child switched to shorts but not pants, as the _ fit poorly.	shorts	pants
Rachel took the spices from the bags and put them into jars until the _ were all full.	jars	bags
Rachel took the spices from the bags and put them into jars until the _ were all empty.	jars	bags
Jessica offered to give Betty a hand unloading the groceries because _ noticed she was struggling with the bags.	Jessica	Betty
Jessica offered to give Betty a hand unloading the groceries although _ was not struggling with the bags.	Jessica	Betty
Ian's pants are way bigger than the ones that Robert wears. _ is a fat man.	Ian	Robert
Ian's pants are way bigger than the ones that Robert wears. _ is a skinny man.	Ian	Robert
The doctor placed the organ out of the bag and into the bottle so the _ was empty.	bag	bottle
The doctor placed the organ out of the bag and into the bottle so the _ was full.	bag	bottle
Katrina really liked working at her company and Jessica needed a job, so _ helped with an interview.	Katrina	Jessica
Katrina really liked working at her company and Jessica needed a job, so _ impressed in an interview.	Katrina	Jessica
Patricia was having a hard time carrying things so Rachel offered her a bag. _ was helpful.	Patricia	Rachel
Patricia was having a hard time carrying things so Rachel offered her a bag. _ was relieved.	Patricia	Rachel
I tried to write a letter but switched from the blue pen to the black pen since the _ pen's ink well was empty.	blue	black
I tried to write a letter but switched from the blue pen to the black pen since the _ pen's ink well was full.	blue	black
The car manual would not fit into the glove box because the _ is too thin.	glove box	manual
The car manual would not fit into the glove box because the _ is too thick.	glove box	manual
She prefers to cook with a pan with plastic handle instead of metal handle, because the _ is less heat-conducting.	plastic handle	metal handle
She prefers to cook with a pan with plastic handle instead of metal handle, because the _ is more heat-conducting.	plastic handle	metal handle
Kyle handed the sixteen ounce bottle of water over to Justin because _ needed to be hydrated.	Kyle	Justin
Kyle handed the sixteen ounce bottle of water over to Justin because _ already hydrated.	Kyle	Justin
Kelly replaced her plastic water cup with a glass one so she would see what she was drinking, the _ was obscure.	glass	plastic
Kelly replaced her plastic water cup with a glass one so she would see what she was drinking, the _ was clear.	glass	plastic
Jasmine wanted to ship the suitcase in the box but couldn't because the _ was too large.	suitcase	box
Jasmine wanted to ship the suitcase in the box but couldn't because the _ was too small.	suitcase	box
Remy scooped the chili out of the pot and put in in a bowl until the _ was empty.	bowl	pot
Remy scooped the chili out of the pot and put in in a bowl until the _ was full.	bowl	pot
The retailer suggested to buy the coats over the racks since the _ were full price.	coats	racks
Mary scrubbed the tile floor but thankfully didn't need to clean the toilet, because the _ was clean.	floor	toilet
Mary scrubbed the tile floor but thankfully didn't need to clean the toilet, because the _ was filthy.	floor	toilet
James was happy to have eaten the food but he started feeling sick after drinking a cup of water. The _ is poisonous.	food	water
James was happy to have eaten the food but he started feeling sick after drinking a cup of water. The _ is edible.	food	water
William always sorted his recycling and garbage while Justin did not because _ wanted to do his part to help the environment.	William	Justin
William always sorted his recycling and garbage while Justin did not because _ didn't care to do his part to help the environment.	William	Justin
Going for a swim was bad at the beach not because of the jellyfish but of the garbage since the _ was close by.	jellyfish	garbage
Going for a swim was bad at the beach not because of the jellyfish but of the garbage since the _ was far away.	jellyfish	garbage
Mariah had a book full of coupons, so she grabbed a shopping cart and took everything off the store shelf until the _ was scarce.	cart	shelf
Mariah had a book full of coupons, so she grabbed a shopping cart and took everything off the store shelf until the _ was full.	cart	shelf
I was trying to spot a fast food restaurant or food truck to grab something to eat. I saw the _ so I can sit down.	restaurant	truck
I was trying to spot a fast food restaurant or food truck to grab something to eat. I saw the _ so I can grab and go.	restaurant	truck
Kenneth enjoyed eating coleslaw at the picnic but not Aaron because _ really liked cabbage.	Kenneth	Aaron
Kenneth enjoyed eating coleslaw at the picnic but not Aaron because _ did not really like cabbage.	Kenneth	Aaron
The pot was not fruitful for growing seeds, so we put them in a garden, since the _ was abundant in nutrients.	pot	garden
The pot was not fruitful for growing seeds, so we put them in a garden, since the _ was lacking in nutrients.	pot	garden
The tourism was heating up, so the merchants sold more t-shirts than bags as the _ were forgettable.	t-shirts	bags
The tourism was heating up, so the merchants sold more t-shirts than bags as the _ were memorable.	t-shirts	bags
Using organization to clean up, Terrence chose to use smaller wooden boxes instead of larger plastic boxes to make them easier to carry because the _ ones were heavy.	plastic	wooden
Using organization to clean up, Terrence chose to use smaller wooden boxes instead of larger plastic boxes to make them easier to carry because the _ ones were light.	plastic	wooden
The bowling ball was more grams than the basketball because the _ took up less mass.	bowling ball	basketball
The bowling ball was more grams than the basketball because the _ took up more mass.	bowling ball	basketball
I wanted a new design for my company, but opted for a graphic because the _ was more expensive.	graphic	design
I wanted a new design for my company, but opted for a graphic because the _ was cheaper.	graphic	design
She took the hose out to the yard to water the pot of flowers weekly, nevertheless the _ died.	flowers	yard
She took the hose out to the yard to water the pot of flowers weekly, nevertheless the _  flourished.	flowers	yard
Emily was an experienced boxer, while Kayla was a novice, so _ gave weekly lessons.	Emily	Kayla
Emily was an experienced boxer, while Kayla was a novice, so _ took weekly lessons.	Emily	Kayla
Lindsey showed Rachel how to curl ribbon to look more decorative on a gift box since _ had more experience than them wrapping gifts.	Lindsey	Rachel
Lindsey asked Rachel how to curl ribbon to look more decorative on a gift box since _ had more experience than them wrapping gifts.	Lindsey	Rachel
Steve got more bites on his legs when he wore shorts than pants because the _ exposed his legs.	pants	shorts
Steve got more bites on his legs when he wore shorts than pants because the _ covered his legs.	pants	shorts
Justin was sure they had PTSD but Ian thought they were overreacting. _ was very worried about the panic attacks and nightmares.	Justin	Ian
Justin was sure they had PTSD but Ian thought they were overreacting. _ was not worried about the panic attacks and nightmares.	Justin	Ian
It was easy for Jessica to find time for meditation during the day but Victoria could not, since _ had an full schedule.	Jessica	Victoria
It was easy for Jessica to find time for meditation during the day but Victoria could not, since _ had an empty schedule.	Jessica	Victoria
The cereal was full of nutrition, but the breakfast bar was unhealthy, because the _ was full of sugar.	breakfast bar	cereal
The cereal was full of nutrition, but the breakfast bar was unhealthy, because the _ was full of fruit.	breakfast bar	cereal
Angela is always receiving uninterested junk mail in her inbox from Natalie, so _ is annoying.	Angela	Natalie
Angela is always receiving uninterested junk mail in her inbox from Natalie, so _ blocks her.	Angela	Natalie
I took lettuce from the package into the salad bowl until the _ was empty.	package	bowl
I took lettuce from the package into the salad bowl until the _ was full.	package	bowl
The photographer took the pictures out of the box and put them in the album until the _ was full.	album	box
The photographer took the pictures out of the box and put them in the album until the _ was empty.	album	box
The woman folded the shorts but put the pants back in the dryer because the _ were damp.	shorts	pants
The woman folded the shorts but put the pants back in the dryer because the _ were dry.	shorts	pants
You could not see the signs on the streets anymore with all the trees, because the _ were too full.	trees	signs
Sarah had curly handwriting in the letter while Felicia had boxy handwriting, _ was very feminine.	Sarah	Felicia
Sarah had curly handwriting in the letter while Felicia had boxy handwriting, _ was very masculine.	Sarah	Felicia
I tried to place the grocery bag in the basket on the bike, but the _ was too small.	bag	basket
I tried to place the grocery bag in the basket on the bike, but the _ was too large.	bag	basket
Angela gave Samantha plenty of business advice, since _ had so much experience with company growth.	Angela	Samantha
Angela gave Samantha plenty of business advice, since _ had so little experience with company growth.	Angela	Samantha
Gardening potted plants suited Christopher not Joel since _ was bad at keeping plants alive.	Christopher	Joel
Gardening potted plants suited Christopher not Joel since _ was good at keeping plants alive.	Christopher	Joel
The grout around the sink was coming off, so Jennifer asked Jessica how to regrout the sink. _ delivered the explanation carefully.	Jennifer	Jessica
The grout around the sink was coming off, so Jennifer asked Jessica how to regrout the sink. _ listened to the explanation carefully.	Jennifer	Jessica
Benjamin got hired by the company after their internship ended instead of Dennis didn't, because _ was a hard worker.	Benjamin	Dennis
Benjamin got hired by the company after their internship ended instead of Dennis didn't, because _ was a lazy worker.	Benjamin	Dennis
She left the startup company and started work in a big law firm, because the _ was a failure.	startup company	big law firm
She left the startup company and started work in a big law firm, because the _ was more successful.	startup company	big law firm
Helena used a little bit of chile in her bowl of chili because the _ was flavorful.	chili	chile
Helena used a little bit of chile in her bowl of chili because the _ was flavorless.	chili	chile
Samuel taught Matthew how to calm his overactive mind because _ had successfully done so in the past.	Samuel	Matthew
The park gardener dumped topsoil from the bag into the flower pot until the _ was full.	bag	pot
The park gardener dumped topsoil from the bag into the flower pot until the _ was empty.	bag	pot
The meat Benjamin made for the pot luck is nastier than Matthew's because _ uses a better grade of meat.	Benjamin	Matthew
The meat Benjamin made for the pot luck is tastier than Matthew's because _ uses a better grade of meat.	Benjamin	Matthew
Mary wanted to replace the toggle switch with a rocker panel, because the _ was new.	toggle switch	rocker panel
Mary wanted to replace the toggle switch with a rocker panel, because the _ was old.	toggle switch	rocker panel
The car bounced along the road because there were a lot of potholes. The city needed to fix the _ and soon.	road	car
The car bounced along the road because there were a lot of potholes. The owner would need to fix the _ and soon.	road	car
Monica once dug at the foot of a rainbow to find a pot of gold but Victoria did not because _ is gullible.	Monica	Victoria
Monica once dug at the foot of a rainbow to find a pot of gold but Victoria did not because _ is realistic.	Monica	Victoria
The herbs didn't grow very well in the flower pot after a while because the _ were too big.	herbs	flower pot
The herbs didn't grow very well in the flower pot after a while because the _ were too small.	herbs	flower pot
Charlie poured the entire bag of green apples into the bowl until the _ was full.	bag	bowl
Charlie poured the entire bag of green apples into the bowl until the _ was empty.	bag	bowl
Rachel was fully healed at the medical practice run by Sarah, because _ was sick.	Rachel	Sarah
Rachel was fully healed at the medical practice run by Sarah, because _ was talented.	Rachel	Sarah
Amy engages in prayer regularly and faithfully unlike Rachel because _ is a very irreligious person.	Amy	Rachel
Amy engages in prayer regularly and faithfully unlike Rachel because _ is a very devout person.	Amy	Rachel
I had to change the tire on the car but not the one on the truck because the one on the _ was full.	car	truck
Rachel gobbled down the pancakes that Natalie had prepared in the kitchen because _ was so skilled.	Rachel	Natalie
Rachel gobbled down the pancakes that Natalie had prepared in the kitchen because _ was so hungry.	Rachel	Natalie
When Craig tossed the fish into the bowl, Hunter shrieked, so uncle gave _ a sympathetic look.	Craig	Hunter
When Craig tossed the fish into the bowl, Hunter shrieked, so uncle gave _ an angry look.	Craig	Hunter
The cook poured the honey from the jar into the saucepan until the _ was nearly empty.	saucepan	jar
The cook poured the honey from the jar into the saucepan until the _ was nearly full.	saucepan	jar
For breakfast, Martha chose to eat pancakes instead of the waffles. She chose the _ because they are more gratifying.	pancakes	waffles
For breakfast, Martha chose to eat pancakes instead of the waffles. She avoided the _ because they are more filling.	pancakes	waffles
The new exercise that she learned did not fit into her routine because the _ was too full.	exercise	routine
The journal contained all the evidence for the trial compared to the notebook as the _ was empty from the identification.	journal	notebook
The journal contained all the evidence for the trial compared to the notebook as the _ was full of the identification.	journal	notebook
I ate the tasty yogurt from my jar to fill my stomach until the _ was completely empty.	jar	stomach
I ate the tasty yogurt from my jar to fill my stomach until the _ was completely full.	jar	stomach
During the fundraiser, Rebecca stole a cupcake from Maria because _ already made a lot of sweets.	Rebecca	Maria
During the fundraiser, Rebecca gave a cupcake to Maria because _ already made a lot of sweets.	Rebecca	Maria
Matthew measured the inseam on Michael's pants. _ tailored his other pants to match the initial pair.	Matthew	Michael
Matthew measured the inseam on Michael's pants. _ asked him to tailor his other pants to match the initial pair.	Matthew	Michael
Jessica loaned Sarah a pencil in class since _ did not have one in their bag.	Jessica	Sarah
Jessica loaned Sarah a pencil in class since _ had an extra one in their bag.	Jessica	Sarah
The hamster was happier in the cage than the box because the _ was smaller.	box	cage
The hamster was happier in the cage than the box because the _ was larger.	box	cage
She filled the bucket with water from the tub, so now the _ is fuller.	bucket	tub
Sue poured the walnuts out of the bag onto the table until the _ was empty.	bag	table
Sue poured the walnuts out of the bag onto the table until the _ was covered.	bag	table
The mother starting offering a gumdrop instead of licorice as a reward for potty training because her son liked the _ less.	gumdrop	licorice
The mother starting offering a gumdrop instead of licorice as a reward for potty training because her son liked the _ more.	gumdrop	licorice
When the mirror was brought out, Brett could see William's bald spot, and _ cried.	Brett	William
When the mirror was brought out, Brett could see William's bald spot, and _ laughed.	Brett	William
Cynthia needed to move while Patricia wanted to stay in their apartment, so _ spent the evening packing boxes.	Cynthia	Patricia
Ian is far heavier than Adam, because _ spends most of their days eating cupcakes.	Ian	Adam
Jennifer craved attention much more than Erin , so _ was always keeping herself in the spotlight.	Jennifer	Erin
Jennifer craved attention much more than Erin , so _ was always keeping herself out of the spotlight.	Jennifer	Erin
Andrew chose to grow strawberries in a pot rather than in the ground because the _ is not portable.	ground	pot
Andrew chose to grow strawberries in a pot rather than in the ground because the _ is reasonably portable.	ground	pot
The knot broke loose when holding the backpack but not the messenger bag because the _ was light.	backpack	messenger bag
The knot broke loose when holding the backpack but not the messenger bag because the _ was heavy.	backpack	messenger bag
The company paid a lower salary than the business because the _ made more money.	company	business
The company paid a higher salary than the business because the _ made more money.	company	business
Pam fell down the stairs while carrying a heavy bag, causing her to drop the _ in pain.	stairs	bag
Pam fell down the stairs while carrying a heavy bag, causing her to curse the _ in pain.	stairs	bag
Robert poured the entire cup of basil herb into the salad bowl until the _ was full.	cup	bowl
Robert poured the entire cup of basil herb into the salad bowl until the _ was empty.	cup	bowl
The marriage of my friend is better than my current relationship because the _ is full of happiness.	marriage	relationship
The marriage of my friend is better than my current relationship because the _ is full of sadness.	marriage	relationship
The color faded when john dipped it inside the bowl of water. The _ is strong.	water	color
The color faded when john dipped it inside the bowl of water. The _ is weak.	water	color
Stacey used the company credit card to buy a plane ticket, but the _ was declined.	ticket	card
Stacey used the company credit card to buy a plane ticket, and the _ was not refundable.	ticket	card
the water was too much to fit into the cup as required, the _ was too much.	cup	water
the water was too much to fit into the cup as required, the _ was too small.	cup	water
The barista attempted to pour the hot coffee into the paper cup, but the _ was too hot.	coffee	cup
The barista attempted to pour the hot coffee into the paper cup, but the _ was too fragile.	coffee	cup
Nick was given a juicy ripe tomato and a bag of candy, but Nick preferred sugar so he threw the _ away.	tomato	candy
Nick was given a juicy ripe tomato and a bag of candy, but Nick disliked sugar so he threw the _ away.	tomato	candy
In the kitchen, the cup didn't fit in the drawer as the _ was too short.	cup	drawer
In the kitchen, the cup didn't fit in the drawer as the _ was too tall.	cup	drawer
The doctor tried to store the eyes inside the boxes but the _ were too small.	eyes	boxes
The doctor tried to store the eyes inside the boxes but the _ were too large.	eyes	boxes
I was cooking ginger sauce and poured it from a pan into a pot because the _ was large.	pan	pot
I was cooking ginger sauce and poured it from a pan into a pot because the _ was small.	pan	pot
Jessica applied the serum carefully with a small brush before going over it with a roller, because the _ always had to be used second.	roller	brush
Jessica applied the serum carefully with a small brush before going over it with a roller, because the _ always had to be used first.	roller	brush
The hospitals in Japan were dirtier than the clinics because the _ had a lot less staff to help clean.	hospitals	clinics
The hospitals in Japan were dirtier than the clinics because the _ had a lot more staff to help clean.	hospitals	clinics
Victoria can punch the boxing bag with more speed than Megan seeing as how _ is slower.	Victoria	Megan
Victoria can punch the boxing bag with more speed than Megan seeing as how _ is faster.	Victoria	Megan
The girls all agreed to wear dresses instead of sweatpants, because the _ were uglier.	dresses	sweatpants
The girls all agreed to wear dresses instead of sweatpants, because the _ were prettier.	dresses	sweatpants
Since Maria owned their own company and Kayla was currently unemployed, _ had no employees.	Maria	Kayla
Since Maria owned their own company and Kayla was currently unemployed, _ had several different employees.	Maria	Kayla
Water was leaking from the pot and dripping inside the bowl where it was retained. The _ is impermeable.	pot	bowl
Water was leaking from the pot and dripping inside the bowl where it was retained. The _ is porous.	pot	bowl
Eli bought a case for his guitar over the carrying bag, because the _ offered less protection.	case	bag
Eli bought a case for his guitar over the carrying bag, because the _ offered more protection.	case	bag
The bartender knocked over a glass that held a drink onto the bartop so the _ was empty.	glass	bartop
The company had no choice but to merge with the conglomerate even though the _ had ample resources.	company	conglomerate
The company had no choice but to merge with the conglomerate even though the _ had meager resources.	company	conglomerate
Sam wanted to cook potatoes and steak for dinner, but was unable to use a microwave to cook the _ .	potatoes	steak
Sam wanted to cook potatoes and steak for dinner, and was able to use a microwave to cook the _ .	potatoes	steak
He kept spending his money in his wallet by putting groceries in the cart until the _ was full.	wallet	cart
He kept spending the money in his wallet by putting groceries in the cart until the _ was empty.	wallet	cart
Glass cups are better than plastic cups because the _ cups are weaker and flimsier.	glass	plastic
Glass cups are better than plastic cups because the _ cups are stronger and sturdier.	glass	plastic
I poured cow's milk from the bottle into the cup until the _ was full.	bottle	cup
I poured cow's milk from the bottle into the cup until the _ was empty.	bottle	cup
I poured the shampoo into a bottle, but it all didn't fit because the _ was too small.	shampoo	bottle
I poured the shampoo into a bottle, but it all didn't fit because the _ was too much.	shampoo	bottle
The bottle did not break even when it was hit against the rock because the _ is weak.	bottle	rock
The bottle did not break even when it was hit against the rock because the _ is strong.	bottle	rock
the box became weaker after it was soaked in water but the bowl is still strong because the _ is absorbent.	box	bowl
the box became weaker after it was soaked in water but the bowl is still strong because the _ is waterproof.	box	bowl
I poured the water from the bottle into the cup, but it spilled all over the table. The _ is too small.	cup	bottle
I poured the water from the bottle into the cup, but it spilled all over the table. The _ is too large.	cup	bottle
The CEO of the innovative technology company gave a raise to Joel but not Nelson because the performance of _ was superb.	Joel	Nelson
The CEO of the innovative technology company gave a raise to Joel but not Nelson because the performance of _ was subpar.	Joel	Nelson
Carrie is fluent in Spanish but Christine only speaks English as _ lived in Mexico when they were young.	Carrie	Christine
Carrie is fluent in Spanish but Christine only speaks English as _ only lived in USA when they were young.	Carrie	Christine
The farmer put fertilizer from the cart onto the garden until the _ was empty.	garden	cart
After working in the yard, the man changed from his jeans to his sweatpants because the _ were clean.	jeans	sweatpants
After working in the yard, the man changed from his jeans to his sweatpants because the _ were dirty.	jeans	sweatpants
Victoria could throw a bean bag further than Amy because _ didn't work out and had a weak arm.	Victoria	Amy
Victoria could throw a bean bag further than Amy because _ worked out and had a strong arm.	Victoria	Amy
Nelson wanted to make some potatoes for dinner and Derrick didn't because _ loved the taste of starch.	Nelson	Derrick
Nelson wanted to make some potatoes for dinner and Derrick didn't because _ hated the taste of starch.	Nelson	Derrick
During the summer, I don't wear pants but wear shorts instead because the _ are too hot.	pants	shorts
During the summer, I don't wear pants but wear shorts instead because the _ aren't too hot.	pants	shorts
John the bartender poured the rest of the bottle into the cup until the _ was filled.	bottle	cup
John the bartender poured the rest of the bottle into the cup until the _ was depleted.	bottle	cup
Nelson insisted on serving the food at the potluck instead of Steven, because _ had clean hands.	Nelson	Steven
Nelson insisted on serving the food t the potlouck instead of Steven, because _ had dirty hands.	Nelson	Steven
Because Steve had coronary artery disease, he chose tomatoes over potatoes because eating the _ are worse for his disease.	potatoes	tomatoes
Because Steve had coronary artery disease, he chose tomatoes over potatoes because eating the _ are better for his disease.	potatoes	tomatoes
The gardener tried to put the plant in the pot but the _ was too small.	plant	pot
The gardener tried to put the plant in the pot but the _ was too large.	plant	pot
The toilet in my hotel in Japan was nicer than the commode in Laos, because the _ was just a hole.	toilet	commode
The toilet in my hotel in Japan was nicer than the commode in Laos, because the _ was remote controlled.	toilet	commode
Bob poured juice from the hydro flask into the canteen until the _ was full.	canteen	hydro flask
Bob poured juice from the hydro flask into the canteen until the _ was empty.	canteen	hydro flask
The man threw away the receipt but kept the box  because the _ was required if he wanted to return the tool.	receipt	box
The man threw away the receipt but kept the box  because the _ was not needed if he wanted to return the tool.	receipt	box
the boxer lost , their was much  competition  and he had not had enough training , the _ was low.	competition	training
the boxer lost , their was much  competition  and he had not had enough training , the _ was high.	competition	training
Brett talked Eric into learning Spanish, it was obvious to the teacher that _ was a slower learner.	Brett	Eric
Brett talked Eric into learning Spanish, it was obvious to the teacher that _ was a better learner.	Brett	Eric
The scientists transferred the water from the bottle into the flask until the _ was full.	bottle	flask
The scientists transferred the water from the bottle into the flask until the _ was empty.	bottle	flask
Craig wanted to sell an expensive car to Jeffrey since _ was a potential customer.	Craig	Jeffrey
i replaced the potatoes with the green peas during my grocery shopping because the _ were expensive.	potatoes	green peas
i replaced the potatoes with the green peas during my grocery shopping because the _ were affordable.	potatoes	green peas
The rental car company would not let Victoria rent a car, but would let Kayla, due to _ being above age.	Victoria	Kayla
The rental car company would not let Victoria rent a car, but would let Kayla, due to _ being underage.	Victoria	Kayla
Erin let her cat play in the room full of clutter, because when it found a mouse, the _ found it quite amusing.	cat	mouse
Erin let her cat play in the room full of clutter, because when it found a mouse, the _ found it quite terrifying.	cat	mouse
Elena was a very receptive student to Megan 's lessons, and _ gave her full attention.	Elena	Megan
Elena was a very receptive student to Megan 's lessons, and _ had her full attention.	Elena	Megan
The company sold the coveted domain name to the highest bidder, because the _ was very valuable.	domain name	company
The company sold the coveted domain name to the highest bidder, because the _ was very broke.	domain name	company
The florist wanted to store the roses in the pots but the _  were too big.	pots	roses
The florist wanted to store the roses in the pots but the _  were too small.	pots	roses
Mabel is a nurse and she helps her patients take their medicine before they eat food, because the _ is good on an empty stomach.	medicine	food
Mabel is a nurse and she helps her patients take their medicine before they eat food, even though the _ is good on an empty stomach.	medicine	food
Steven was healthier than Kyle because _ drank oatmeal water each morning to stay full during exercising.	Steven	Kyle
Steven was healthier than Kyle because _ didn't drink oatmeal water each morning to stay full during exercising.	Steven	Kyle
The chef tried to put the kumquat in the bowl but the _ was too small.	bowl	kumquat
The chef tried to put the kumquat in the bowl but the _ was too large.	bowl	kumquat
Patricia brought a box of pine cones to decorate Samantha's office but it was cleared out. _ was panicked.	Patricia	Samantha
Patricia brought a box of pine cones to decorate Samantha's office but it was cleared out. _ was gone.	Patricia	Samantha
Brett used a reusable water bottle while Matthew bought plastic disposable ones. _ didn't feel being green was important.	Brett	Matthew
Brett used a reusable water bottle while Matthew bought plastic disposable ones. _ felt being green was important.	Brett	Matthew
At the potluck Ian enjoyed their Muendo more than Leslie because _ forgot to get butter to put on their bread rolls.	Ian	Leslie
At the potluck Ian enjoyed their Muendo more than Leslie because _ remembered to get butter to put on their bread rolls.	Ian	Leslie
Justin wants to learn how to flip a pancake so he asks Robert for an advice, because _ is a beginner.	Justin	Robert
Justin wants to learn how to flip a pancake so he asks Robert for an advice, because _ is an experienced chef.	Justin	Robert
The chef tried to store the powders in the bags but the _ were too small.	bags	powders
The chef tried to store the powders in the bags but the _ were too large.	bags	powders
Emily had to pay for the water damage to their house out of pocket, but the same damage was covered for Jessica, because _ had full home owner's insurance.	Emily	Jessica
Elena gave her fries to Christine to eat, since _ absolutely loved the taste of fried potatoes .	Elena	Christine
Elena gave her fries to Christine to eat, since _ absolutely detested the taste of fried potatoes .	Elena	Christine
The choice was given to Amy and not Rebecca because _ worked at the company shorter.	Amy	Rebecca
The choice was given to Amy and not Rebecca because _ worked at the company longer.	Amy	Rebecca
John poured the entire bucket of sand into the hole at the park until the _ was empty.	bucket	hole
John poured the entire bucket of sand into the hole at the park until the _ was full.	bucket	hole
Logan had a blast at the bowling alley while Donald will never go back because _ is a great bowler.	Logan	Donald
Logan had a blast at the bowling alley while Donald will never go back because _ is a lousy bowler.	Logan	Donald
Rebecca liked to plant potatoes, but Kayla did not as _ was an excellent gardener.	Rebecca	Kayla
Rebecca liked to plant potatoes, but Kayla did not as _ was a terrible gardener.	Rebecca	Kayla
Her hair grew better with the shampoo so we threw out the vitamin bottle as the _ was pristine.	shampoo	vitamin
Her hair grew better with the shampoo so we threw out the vitamin bottle as the _ was aged.	shampoo	vitamin
Matthew was patient and supportive when trying to potty train Kenneth, since _ was the child.	Matthew	Kenneth
Matthew was patient and supportive when trying to potty train Kenneth, since _ was the parent.	Matthew	Kenneth
The man tried to store his alcohol inside of the box but the _ was too large.	box	alcohol
The man tried to store his alcohol inside of the box but the _ was too small.	box	alcohol
Jeffrey remembered to wear their athletic cup while sparring but Dennis forgot. _ had severe problems with a groin kick.	Jeffrey	Dennis
Jeffrey remembered to wear their athletic cup while sparring but Dennis forgot. _ had no issues with a groin kick.	Jeffrey	Dennis
The shoes couldn't fit into the warehouse's boxes because the _ were way too tiny.	shoes	boxes
The shoes couldn't fit into the warehouse's boxes because the _ were way too big.	shoes	boxes
The housekeeper took the clothes out of the washing machine and put them in the dryer until the _ was empty.	dryer	washing machine
The housekeeper took the clothes out of the washing machine and put them in the dryer until the _ was full.	dryer	washing machine
Lana forgot that she had an opened lipstick in her pants pocket before going outside, so now the _ is messy.	pocket	lipstick
Lana forgot that she had an opened lipstick in her pants pocket before going outside, so now the _ is melted.	pocket	lipstick
I placed my leftover food from the plate into the container until the _ became full.	plate	container
I placed my leftover food from the plate into the container until the _ became empty.	plate	container
The woman tried to fit her legs into the yoga pants but the _ were too large.	legs	pants
The woman tried to fit her legs into the yoga pants but the _ were too small.	legs	pants
John's poured the bowl of steak into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was full.	bowl	pan
John's poured the bowl of steak into the hot pan on the stove until the _ was empty.	bowl	pan
I whipped the eggs into the bottom of the pans until the _ were fluffy.	eggs	pans
I whipped the eggs into the bottom of the pans until the _ were filled.	eggs	pans
Oliver could easily move the box but not the piano because the _ was light.	box	piano
Oliver could easily move the box but not the piano because the _ was heavy.	box	piano
The shelving unit they bought would not fit in the pantry because the _ was too large.	pantry	shelving unit
The shelving unit they bought would not fit in the pantry because the _ was too small.	pantry	shelving unit
The farmer went to the land and planted the potatoes in order to germinate instead of the tomatoes because the _ were in season.	potatoes	tomatoes
The farmer went to the land and planted the potatoes in order to germinate instead of the tomatoes because the _ were out of season.	potatoes	tomatoes
After supper, Jacob washed the pasta pot and put it in the dish drainer with the frying pan. The _ was hot after cooking spaghetti.	pot	pan
After supper, Jacob washed the pasta pot and put it in the dish drainer with the frying pan. The _ was cold after cooking beef.	pot	pan
We were going to go swimming at the pool but went to the lake instead, because the _ was full of water.	pool	lake
We were going to go swimming at the pool but went to the lake instead, because the _ was empty of water.	pool	lake
Amy chose to eat the rock candy while Jennifer chose the potato chips because _ likes salty snacks.	Amy	Jennifer
Amy chose to eat the rock candy while Jennifer chose the potato chips because _ likes sweet snacks.	Amy	Jennifer
The bottled water is better from you than the tap water. That's because the _ is from a fresher source.	bottled water	tap water
The bottled water is better from you than the tap water. That's because the _ is from a tainted source.	bottled water	tap water
The kettle that my mom bought me was worse than my last teapot because the _ was so noisy.	kettle	teapot
The kettle that my mom bought me was worse than my last teapot because the _ was so quiet.	kettle	teapot
Abby forgot to put her towel in her gym bag so she used a washcloth to dab her sweat, because the _ was available.	towel	washcloth
Abby forgot to put her towel in her gym bag so she used a washcloth to dab her sweat, because the _ was unavailable.	towel	washcloth
Fred started using the microwave to bake potatoes instead of the oven, because it took more time in the _ .	microwave	oven
Fred started using the microwave to bake potatoes instead of the oven, because it took less time in the _ .	microwave	oven
Craig was an attractive person but Leslie was not, so _ had a very full dating life.	Craig	Leslie
Craig was an attractive person but Leslie was not, so _ had a very empty dating life.	Craig	Leslie
Nick took his sickly box turtle to see Logan since _ was a reptile veterinarian.	Nick	Logan
Nick took his sickly box turtle to see Logan because _ was not a reptile veterinarian.	Nick	Logan
Felicia is very good at saving money but Erin is not. _ has a very empty bank account.	Felicia	Erin
Angela loves the taste of tea but Betty does not. _ bought a cup of tea from the restaurant.	Angela	Betty
Angela loves the taste of tea but Betty does not. _ bought a cup of coffee from the restaurant.	Angela	Betty
Christopher had been horseback riding since childhood but Justin had purposefully never been. _ was terrified with horses.	Christopher	Justin
Christopher had been horseback riding since childhood but Justin had purposefully never been. _ was obsessed with horses.	Christopher	Justin
Lawrence thought guinea pigs were tasty but Matthew didn't, so _ ordered potatoes for dinner on their trip to Peru.	Lawrence	Matthew
I have displayed my awards on the mantle but had to move some of them to a case.  The _ was too empty.	mantle	case
I have displayed my awards on the mantle but had to move some of them to a case.  The _ was too full.	mantle	case
The man was able to carry the box but dropped the bag, because the _ was heavier.	box	bag
The man was able to carry the box but dropped the bag, because the _ was lighter.	box	bag
I took the cookies out of their box and put them into the cookie jar until the _ was full.	jar	box
I took the cookies out of their box and put them into the cookie jar until the _ was empty.	jar	box
The artist preferred drawing still lifes of pots rather than plants , since the _ were harder to draw.	pots	plants
The artist preferred drawing still lifes of pots rather than plants , since the _ were easier to draw.	pots	plants
Angela loved to grow potatoes and carrots, but Katrina preferred to buy them. _ was a good gardener.	Angela	Katrina
Angela loved to grow potatoes and carrots, but Katrina preferred to buy them. _ was a bad gardener.	Angela	Katrina
The tomatoes ripen faster in the pot than in the garden, as the _ blocks them from sunlight.	pot	garden
The tomatoes ripen faster in the pot than in the garden, as the _ exposes them to sunlight.	pot	garden
I successfully looked up advice for managing relationship intimacy issues online and the library gave me a small amount of information. Thus, the _ was insufficient.	library	relationship
I successfully looked up advice for managing relationship intimacy issues online and the library gave me a small amount of information. Thus, the _ was salvageable.	library	relationship
The company brought in new machinery and computer to boost numbers of jobs, but the _ had faulty cogs.	machinery	computer
The company brought in new machinery and computer to boost numbers of jobs, but the _ had no internet.	machinery	computer
The pan held heat for longer than the bowl because the _ was made out of iron.	pan	bowl
The pan held heat for less time than the bowl because the _ was made of iron.	pan	bowl
Matthew successfully found and caught the criminal in the act while Adam tried to escape because _ was a bad guy.	Matthew	Adam
Matthew successfully found and caught the criminal in the act while Adam tried to escape because _ was a police officer.	Matthew	Adam
Adam showed up empty-handed to the housewarming party, while Joel brought a gift, because _ was rude.	Adam	Joel
Adam showed up empty-handed to the housewarming party, while Joel brought a gift, because _ was polite.	Adam	Joel
Patricia did not have a bruise like Sarah because _ loved playing full contact football.	Patricia	Sarah
Patricia did not have a bruise like Sarah because _ avoided playing full contact football.	Patricia	Sarah
The woman used the pot instead of the pan, because the _ was appropriate for the meal she was cooking.	pot	pan
The woman used the pot instead of the pan, because the _ was inappropriate for the meal she was cooking.	pot	pan
Justin drank a lot more alcohol than Nelson during the weekends, so _ had an unhealthy pancreas.	Justin	Nelson
Justin drank a lot more alcohol than Nelson during the weekends, so _ had an healthy pancreas.	Justin	Nelson
Bill sprayed all the poison from the bottle into the hive until the _ was empty.	bottle	hive
Bill sprayed all the poison from the bottle into the hive until the _ was full.	bottle	hive
The man had no problem fitting the sleeping bag in the trunk because the _ was roomy.	sleeping bag	trunk
The man had no problem fitting the sleeping bag in the trunk because the _ was compact.	sleeping bag	trunk
Jan's steel coffee cup was in the dirty but her plastic one was clean, so she took the _ cup.	plastic	steel
Jan's steel coffee cup was dirty but her plastic one was clean, so she left the _ cup.	plastic	steel
The lab tech poured the urine from the sample cup into the testing device until the _ was empty.	sample cup	testing device
The lab tech poured the urine from the sample cup into the testing device until the _ was full.	sample cup	testing device
The woman took the backpack instead of the duffle bag on the trip, because the _ was more comfortable to carry.	backpack	duffle bag
The woman took the backpack instead of the duffle bag on the trip, because the _ was more uncomfortable to carry.	backpack	duffle bag
There were more rodents in the cage than in the box because the _ was more confined.	cage	box
There were more rodents in the cage than in the box because the _ was more spacious.	cage	box
Joel was offered the job at the international company over Matthew because _ only spoke one language.	Joel	Matthew
Joel was offered the job at the international company over Matthew because _ spoke more than one language.	Joel	Matthew
The house was a lot easier to spot on the road than the farmhouse. The _ must be duller in color.	house	farmhouse
The house was a lot easier to spot on the road than the farmhouse. The _ must be brighter in color.	house	farmhouse
Joe wanted to re-plant the cactus into his flower pot but the _ was too small.	pot	cactus
Joe wanted to re-plant the cactus into his flower pot but the _ was too big.	pot	cactus
The company president asked Emily to review safety policies instead of Elena since _ had OSHA certifications.	Emily	Elena
The company president asked Emily to review safety policies instead of Elena since _ did not have OSHA certifications.	Emily	Elena
William wore some tight leather pants that Joel really liked, because _ thought they were very attractive in them.	William	Joel
William wore some tight leather pants that Joel really liked, because _ was very attractive in them.	William	Joel
The thief put all of the items from the safe into his bag until the _ was full.	safe	bag
The thief put all of the items from the safe into his bag until the _ was empty.	safe	bag
Billy poured the entire bag of broccoli into the hot pan located on the stone until the _ was full.	bag	pan
Billy poured the entire bag of broccoli into the hot pan located on the stone until the _ was empty.	bag	pan
The woman took the clothes from the dryer and placed them in the basket until the _ was empty.	dryer	basket
The woman took the clothes from the dryer and placed them in the basket until the _ was full.	dryer	basket
Dennis joyfully told Donald about his massive comic book collection that took years to get.  _ was indifferent.	Dennis	Donald
Dennis joyfully told Donald about his massive comic book collection that took years to get.  _ was enthusiastic.	Dennis	Donald
James could not dip the bag into the bucket while washing it because the _ is small.	bag	bucket
James could not dip the bag into the bucket while washing it because the _ is big.	bag	bucket
Franklin knew that jogging was good for his heart, but he needed new sneakers and had to find his sweatpants, because the _ were old.	sweatpants	sneakers
Franklin knew that jogging was good for his heart, but he needed new sneakers and had to find his sweatpants, because the _ were new.	sweatpants	sneakers
Gem had the choice of eating crabs or visiting disney world parks in Florida. She chose the _ because she was full.	crabs	Parks
I carried the beer from the back of the truck to the countertop until the _ was completely full.	truck	countertop
I carried the beer from the back of the truck to the countertop until the _ was completely empty.	truck	countertop
As the tapestry worked beautifully on the _ , the student didn't hang it on the wall but opted for the door.	wall	door
Erin enjoyed pancakes more than Emily, so _ didn't eat the pancakes for breakfast on Saturday morning.	Erin	Emily
Erin enjoyed pancakes more than Emily, so _ ate the pancakes for breakfast on Saturday morning.	Erin	Emily
Bob's egg carton would not fit in his shopping bag from the store, the _ was too small.	bag	egg carton
Bob's egg carton would not fit in his shopping bag from the store, the _ was too large.	bag	egg carton
Adam invited Neil for an interview at their company because _ wanted to employ them.	Adam	Neil
Adam invited Neil for an interview at their company because _ really needed a job.	Adam	Neil
The person went to the bathroom more during the day than at night because their bladder was fuller during the _ .	day	night
Jennifer is going to drive Kayla to the meeting because _ has an empty tank of fuel.	Jennifer	Kayla
Jennifer is going to drive Kayla to the meeting because _ has a full tank of fuel.	Jennifer	Kayla
Katrina celebrated the teams win in the cup  less than Christine because _ was their biggest fan.	Katrina	Christine
Katrina celebrated the team's win in the cup more than Christine because _ was their biggest fan.	Katrina	Christine
Frank needed clean leggings to wear after tripping in mud and getting his stirrup pants dirty, so he decided on capris. He put on the _ because they were clean.	stirrup pants	capris
Frank needed clean leggings to wear after tripping in mud and getting his stirrup pants dirty, so he decided on capris. He took off the _ because they were dirty.	stirrup pants	capris
The lawsuit bankrupted the town but made the company rich, as the _ lost so much money from it.	town	company
The lawsuit bankrupted the town but made the company rich, as the _ made so much money from it.	town	company
Katrina spoke English as a first language, while Elena's native tongue was Spanish, because _ grew up in Argentina.	Katrina	Elena
Katrina spoke English as a first language, while Elena's native tongue was Spanish, because _ grew up in England.	Katrina	Elena
The gardener wanted to put the orchid in the pot but the _ was too small.	orchid	pot
The gardener wanted to put the orchid in the pot but the _ was too large.	orchid	pot
Gina spilt wine on her jodhpurs pants, they were permanently stained, and decided to wear chinos for leggings. She put on the _ because they were clean.	jodhpurs pants	chinos
Gina spilt wine on her jodhpurs pants, they were permanently stained, and decided to wear chinos for leggings. She threw away the _ because they were stained.	jodhpurs pants	chinos
The box could not stand on the edge like the pot did because the _ is unbalanced.	pot	box
The box could not stand on the edge like the pot did because the _ is balanced.	pot	box
Leslie showed Nick how he makes tea in the coffee pot because _ is usually very creative.	Leslie	Nick
Leslie showed Nick how he makes tea in the coffee pot because _ is usually very conventional.	Leslie	Nick
I tried to pour the liquor into the bottle, but it wouldn't fit because the _ was too much.	liquor	bottle
I tried to pour the liquor into the bottle, but it wouldn't fit because the _ was too short.	liquor	bottle
Victoria bought some perfume for Monica's oldest daughter but _ worked for a fragrance company.	Victoria	Monica
Victoria bought some perfume for Monica's oldest daughter because _ worked for a fragrance company.	Victoria	Monica
The hikers liked walking with a backpack more than with a duffel bag, because the _ was made of strong material.	duffel bag	backpack
The hikers liked walking with a backpack more than with a duffel bag, because the _ was made of weak material.	duffel bag	backpack
I'm getting a dog as a pet and I'm going to buy it a bowl before a leash because the _ is less useful.	bowl	leash
I'm getting a dog as a pet and I'm going to buy it a bowl before a leash because the _ is more useful.	bowl	leash
Dennis loved the feel of latex on their skin but Christopher didn't. _ bought a pair of latex pants.	Dennis	Christopher
Dennis loved the feel of latex on their skin but Christopher didn't. _ bought a pair of denim pants.	Dennis	Christopher
The man didn't like hiking in shorts as much as hiking in pants, because the _ were made to fit.	shorts	pants
The man didn't like hiking in shorts as much as hiking in pants, because the _ were made badly.	shorts	pants
Bruce tried to put the pomade in the bag so he could continue shopping but the _ was too small.	bag	pomade
Bruce tried to put the pomade in the bag so he could continue shopping but the _ was too big.	bag	pomade
More bottles could not be kept in the chests because the _ are not that big.	chests	bottles
More bottles could not be kept in the chests because the _ are not that small.	chests	bottles
Adam placed the fruit into the bag instead of the box, as the fruit fit poorly into the _ .	bag	box
Adam placed the fruit into the bag instead of the box, as the fruit fit well into the _ .	bag	box
Exercise is not something Jason likes, but Robert loves to do it. _ is a couch potato.	Jason	Robert
The iron was hotter than the coffee pot because the _ was still plugged in.	iron	coffee pot
The iron was cooler than the coffee pot because the _ was still plugged in.	iron	coffee pot
I took the food out of the oven and placed it into the bowl, and the _ was subsequently filled.	oven	bowl
I took the food out of the oven and placed it into the bowl, and the _ was subsequently cleared.	oven	bowl
The scale got broken when the bag of sugar was placed on it because the _ is big.	scale	bag
The scale got broken when the bag of sugar was placed on it because the _ is small.	scale	bag
She prefers to use ceramic over plastic cups for her official dinners, because the _ cups look more cheaper.	ceramic	plastic
She prefers to use ceramic over plastic cups for her official dinners, because the _ cups look more expensive.	ceramic	plastic
